Confederate symbols under fire, raising questions on Capitol Hill, Carl Blackstone, president of the Columbia Chamber of Commerce, applauded Haley’s decision.	Carl Blackstone	Haley	1
Stein, the board chairman, accused Carter of deliberately derailing the plan through inaction.	Stein	Carter	3
As another American hero, Senator Elizabeth Warren, said when she concluded a speech in February, which squarely placed the blame for Donald Trump on economic factors and the crash of 2008:	Elizabeth Warren	Donald Trump	3
The Obama administration has accused Russia of undermining the U. S. democratic process. 	Obama administration	Russia	3
Ossoff also doesn’t live in the district, and many Republicans battered him in attack ads because of it.	Ossoff	Republicans	4
And Stenson's former deputy, Natasha Pearlman, is about to start as deputy editor of Elle.	Stenson	Natasha Pearlman	0
Following the arrest of the Stockton Mayor on child endangerment and delinquency charges, nearby Sutter County announced the arrest of 32 adults in a child sex sting operation.	Stockton Mayor	Sutter County	0
 Jake Schick was hurled from his vehicle after hitting an IED in Iraq in 2004.	Jake Schick	Iraq	0
Abdi Mohammed Omer, who spent more than a decade in charge of gas-rich eastern Somali province, is among 47 officials from the region accused of stoking violence that killed 58 people and injured over 260 in the provincial capital Jijiga in August.	Abdi Mohammed Omer	Somali	0
Paul has said he will support Trump.	Paul	Trump	1
In one of her most candid speaking appearances since losing the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton harshly criticized Russia for interfering with the race, and said misogyny was a factor that contributed to her loss.	Hillary Clinton	Russia	3
Bannon first served as Trump campaign’s CEO and his appointment as chief strategist has drawn criticism from political strategists and groups.	Bannon	Trump	0
A waitress was fired after retrieving a gun for during an alleged robbery at a Waffle House restaurant in Coweta County, Georgia.	Waffle House	Coweta County	0
In her letter, Ms. Rasmussen, 20, says that there was a distinction between rape and Mr. Turner’s case, and suggested that alcohol was to blame for his actions.	Rasmussen	Turner	0
 Nate Parker, 36, is most famous for writing, directing, producing, and starring in The Birth of a Nation, a film that tells the story of a slave rebellion in 1831 Virginia.	Nate Parker	Virginia	0
West Brom were good value for a draw thanks to their second half fightback, but all the pressure here was on neighbours Villa.	West Brom	Villa	0
Chinas economy grew at the weakest pace in nearly three decades last year amid weakening domestic demand and U.S. trade tariffs, prompting Beijing to announce a series of growth-boosting measures to avert the risk of a sharper slowdown.100 Yuan notes are seen in this illustration picture in Beijing November 5, 2013.	Chinas	U.S.	0
MacDougall did not answer when asked how it was possible that Harper, who keeps a famously tight grip on government, could not have known about the C$90,000 check.	MacDougall	Harper	0
But scores of Republican leaders have failed a fundamental test of moral courage and political leadership in not speaking truth to the American people about what is so obvious. ” 	Republican	American	0
If there's truth to that complaint, there's potential fallout for more than the Myers family and the Auburn softball program.	Myers	Auburn	0
Chelsea fans display banner supporting skipper John Terry	Chelsea	John Terry	1
 One of Donald Trump’s most frequent talking points on the campaign trail is that the presidential election is somehow ”rigged” in Hillary Clinton’s favor.	Donald Trump’s	Hillary Clinton’s	0
 Thomas is bluntly accusing his colleagues of classism (or worse), implying that, had Mellouli been poor and uneducated, the court would have rejected his claim.	Thomas	Mellouli	3
CNN also failed to address the radical Islamic ideology behind the attacks.	CNN	Islamic	0
’Reached for comment, a Spotify spokesman offered this in response to Apple s letter.	Spotify	Apple	0
They also take into account independent senator Steve Martin's decision to join the National Party.	senator Steve Martin	the National Party	0
The Home Office blames the county lines drug dealing epidemic for spiralling violent crime blighting the UK and has called for a crackdown on the menace.	The Home Office	UK	3
The Cruz spin machine produces more lies than anything else,” read a Trump campaign internal memo, which was obtained by the Post.	Cruz	Trump	4
Mr. Duterte has also accused Ms. de Lima of taking drug cartel money 	Duterte	de Lima	3
Ayotte had lost her bid in November and had criticized Trump.	Ayotte	Trump	3
It took 134 years, but a heroic New Yorker is finally getting some overdue recognition: On Saturday, the National Maritime Historical Society will unveil a headstone at the grave of John Willis Griffiths.	New Yorker	John Willis Griffiths	0
Sergei L. Magnitsky, a lawyer and auditor, was jailed on tax evasion charges while investigating a $230 million government tax “refund” that corrupt Russian officials had granted to themselves.	Sergei L. Magnitsky	Russian	0
"Not to be outdone, Foucault advocated a ""people's justice"" without courts on the lines of the September massacres of 1792.Curiously the Maoists had missed out on 1968 itself."	Foucault	Maoists	0
Osaka-based Sharp, which also makes solar panels, nearly doubled its forecast full-year net loss to 450 billion yen after booking a $1.1 billion restructuring charge in July-September.	Osaka	Sharp	1
President Donald Trump on Sunday morning relitigated the Democratic primaries, which ended more than a year ago, in one of his regular early morning tweets.	President Donald Trump	Democratic	0
But Chadha noted that the dollar's rally has been stemmed and the price of oil has bounced back, and combining this with stronger-than-expected US growth, profit growth should return to US corporations.	Chadha	US	1
Ms. Yellen was pressed repeatedly about the Fed’s motives Wednesday.	Yellen	Fed	0
Even though the Financial Times piece is pitched as criticism of Trump, it acknowledges that skepticism of TPP is flourishing on both sides of the aisle, as Hillary Clinton struggles to put Bernie Sanders away, and notes there is some resistance to TPP in Japan as well.	Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Starbucks in January reported disappointing results from U. S. cafes and pinned most of the blame on mobile orders that had piled up at drink pickup stations.	Starbucks	U. S.	0
His running mate, Mike Pence, as a congressman in 2009, opposed language in federal legislation to monitor and combat human rights violations against LGBTQ people abroad, accusing Democrats of attempting to ”promote a gay rights agenda around the globe.” 	Mike Pence	Democrats	3
Press secretary Jay Carney on Tuesday criticized the Republican threat, saying it would send the wrong message to the families of gun violence victims...	secretary Jay Carney	Republican	3
The smaller celebrations from Democratic-leaning money managers may be a reflection of the much larger amount of support Romney is getting from the industry.	Democratic	Romney	0
Carlson, who sued Fox News chief executive officer Roger Ailes for sexual harassment in 2016 and received a $20 million settlement, has become one of the most outspoken advocates for victims in the Me Too era.We are no longer a pageant.	Carlson	Roger Ailes	3
Katona was furious after seeing a confidential report of her dwindling financesMoneyman David McHugh said the cocaine shame star stormed into his office with her eyes rolling.	Katona	David McHugh	0
The attack in the Hasakah area has deeply unsettled Pentagon officials.	Hasakah	Pentagon	0
Vasily FedosenkoNewly weds share a kiss as they attend a rally held by supporters of EU integration in Kiev, November 30, 2013.	Vasily FedosenkoNewly	EU	0
If they're looking for targets to punish whose ideas have triggered violence and anti-American rage in the Muslim world, they should look in the mirror.	anti-American	Muslim	4
In a second front the former shadow home secretary David Davis, who is respected on the right, also endorsed Cameron's offer to the Lib Dems.	David Davis	Cameron	1
Verizon Chief Executive Lowell McAdam may be getting ready to answer rival AT&T’s moves to buy DirecTV and Time Warner.	Verizon	Lowell McAdam	0
China’s attitude on opposing independence is out of touch with the real situation,” said independence advocate Koo .	China	Koo	4
Arguably the worlds most under-appreciated thinker, Sharp works out of a Boston-based nonprofit, the Albert Einstein Institution.	Sharp	the Albert Einstein Institution	1
Although the data has shown steady job growth under President Obama, voters in states like Ohio have not felt that the economy has come back, said Nina Turner, a former state senator from Ohio who supported Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in the Democratic primary race.	Obama	Nina Turner	0
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is kicking its Hillary Clinton email investigation into high gear.	The Federal Bureau of Investigation	FBI	0
Instead of egging on the attacks on Obama appointees, what if Brooks had long ago admitted that the administration has mostly attracted and hired people with high personal standards?	Obama	Brooks	2
Advocates who want America’s immigration laws enforced have found a home in President Donald Trump’s administration, the New York Times’ Nicholas Kulish reports.	Donald Trump	Nicholas Kulish	0
"Chevrette said that when the Sept. 11 attacks occurred, she knew Hanjour must have been involved.""I remember crying all the way to work knowing our company helped to do this,"" she said."	Chevrette	Hanjour	3
Donald Trump’s attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has repeatedly criticized the decrease in federal prosecutions for gun and drug crimes, and has promised “this trend will end”.	Donald Trump’s	Jeff Sessions	0
In essence, Cho accused Ludlow of groping her in his apartment, where she had gone of her own volition after they had had a night out together.	Cho	Ludlow	3
The premier, who was welcomed by locals and military personnel, paid tribute to the French troops who intervened to liberate northern Mali from the armed militias in January.The Malian nation will be eternally grateful, he said.	French	Malian	2
Former Obama adviser David Axelrod said Hillary Clinton has a problem with “stealth” not her health on CNN’s “	Obama	David Axelrod	0
Kansas City will be without two starting offensive linemen against a very talented New England front.	Kansas City	New England	0
Quinn calls half of it BS, reminding ID that its supposed to be non-fiction, prompting Gibbs to read a short passage, including the dot, dot, dot part, which has Quinn goggling, telling him you dont read ellipses out loud.	Quinn	Gibbs	0
More than 50 years after it was incorporated as a town, Centerville, N. C. is on its way to dissolving its charter, as the town is unwilling to impose a property tax and unable to offer services beyond streetlights.	Centerville	N. C.	0
They have both denied participation in the attack on a rival Chechen gang which saw multiple stabbings occur, reports Kronen Zeitung.	Chechen	Kronen Zeitung	0
Trump attempted to buy the Buffalo Bills in 2014, but his bid failed.	Trump	the Buffalo Bills	0
 The Supreme Court decision to strike down two restrictive abortion laws in Texas will likely have a ripple effect across the country, potentially forcing other states to drop their own similar laws in the coming years. 	Supreme Court	Texas	0
Gianna Constand, the accuser’s mother, testified about her hour phone call with Cosby after learning about the alleged assault. 	Gianna Constand	Cosby	3
The ban is still the longest doping-related suspension in MLB history, longer than the 12 players who admitted wrongdoing in the Biogenesis doping scandal, because the league said Rodriguez took steps to impede the investigation into his use of banned substances.	MLB	Biogenesis	0
Details of the plan leaked earlier this week drew a critical response from both the government and the chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland - one of Britains biggest banks which is likely to find itself in Milibands sights.	Royal Bank of Scotland	Britains	0
But American officials also need to express support for Kurdish aspirations to and to stop regarding them as a problem.	American	Kurdish	0
To begin with, the rise of Ciudadanos in opinion polls threatens the hegemony that Rajoys Peoples Party has enjoyed within the Spanish right since the late 1980s, and this will probably lead to a nationalist bidding war between the two parties.	Ciudadanos	Spanish	4
A charity focused on rainforest preservation has called on actor and environmental advocate Leonardo DiCaprio to step down from his role as a UN Messenger of Peace for climate change due to his own charity’s reported connection to a $3 billion Malaysian embezzlement scheme.	Leonardo DiCaprio	Malaysian	0
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) on Thursday accused the Supreme Court’s conservative Chief Justice John Roberts of being the ”tip of the spear in playing politics,” arguing the high court ”deserves to be swept up into the political process.	Greg Abbott	John Roberts	3
Powell had written that Clinton spoils anything she touches with “hubris,” and complained that she was blaming him for setting a precedent of using a private email account while in government.	Powell	Clinton	3
Fox News Channel’s total day and primetime ratings topped all US basic cable channels from January through March, the first time in the network	Fox News Channel’s	US	0
Trump also accused Mexico of sending criminals and rapists into the United States and vowed to build a border wall to combat illegal immigration.	Trump	Mexico	3
Planned Parenthood Black Community is blaming “toxic masculinity” for the horrific shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.	Planned Parenthood Black Community	Orlando	0
Mr. Moallem also appeared to reject the idea of a humanitarian pause in the bombing unless there were guarantees “from the countries supporting terrorists,” adding that the United Nations did not have any guarantees.	Moallem	the United Nations	0
Videos have surfaced since Fultz started practicing with the Sixers again recently, and the latest wasn't even technically a video of the No. 1 overall pick.	Fultz	Sixers	0
Vladimir Putin is backing the pro-Russian rebels blamed for wounding this soldierEPA LINE OF DUTY:	Vladimir Putin	pro-Russian	1
When Prime Minister Theresa May triggers Article 50, starting the two-year negotiation period for the UK's exit from the European Union, all eyes will be on negotiations to see what type of deal Britain gets.	Minister Theresa May	the European Union	3
Washington’s address never explicitly mentioned Jefferson or his supporters, but its unvarnished attack on organized political opposition was plainly directed against them.	Washington	Jefferson	3
On the trail, Sanders had questioned her judgment and fitness for office, but in endorsing Clinton, he called her a first lady who had broken precedent, a leader in the fight for universal healthcare, “a fierce advocate for the rights of our children” and declared her “one of the most intelligent people that we have ever met”.	Sanders	Clinton	1
Clinton largely ignored the email comments and said Trump ”never takes responsibility” for his comments.	Clinton	Trump	3
 Donald Trump voiced new doubts on Wednesday that Russian hackers attempted to influence the U. S. election on his behalf, saying WikiLeaks had denied Moscow was behind documents it made public during the campaign.	Donald Trump	Russian	0
Within minutes, a Reid staffer issued a statement that in part read: ”It only took five days for Trump to try to silence his critics with the threat of legal action.	Reid	Trump	3
Meanwhile, prominent Russian human rights activist Lev Ponomaryov, 67, was attacked last week by three unidentified men outside his Moscow apartment.	Russian	Lev Ponomaryov	0
The Justice Department is also reviewing Anthem Inc’s ( ) proposed purchase of Cigna Corp ( ) and investors are worried it will fail because of its impact on competition in the employer insurance market.	The Justice Department	Anthem Inc’s	3
Donald Trump threatened former FBI director James Comey on Twitter on Friday morning.	Donald Trump	James Comey	3
Trump has not hesitated to criticize judges who have ruled against him, but Gorsuch told senators on the Judiciary Committee that ”no man is above the law.	Trump	Gorsuch	0
 James Holmes, the Colorado gunman sentenced to life behind bars for murdering a dozen people at a midnight movie, has been moved to an maximum security prison after a fight with a fellow inmate.	James Holmes	Colorado	0
Did Donald Trump’s sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among American voters?	Donald Trump’s	American	0
The CDC has added South Beach to its travel warning, after it was identified as the second site of Zika transmission by mosquitos on the US mainland. 	CDC	South Beach	0
North Korea threatened the US with “merciless” attacks if an aircraft carrier steaming to the area violates the rogue nation’s “sovereignty and dignity,” according to a report.	North Korea	US	3
President Obama is vouching for Hillary Clinton in his latest direct appeal to millennial voters.	Obama	Hillary Clinton	0
NEWS BRIEF Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker just gave the clearest sign yet that he’s supporting Donald Trump as his party’s candidate for president.	Scott Walker	Donald Trump	1
The Washington Post’s website now prefaces the article with three rebuttals, a response from the authors defending their work, and a article contending that the findings “were biased and that the authors’ data do not provide evidence of voting in US elections”.	The Washington Post’s	US	3
 On July 12, the high in Phoenix was 110 degrees, according to Weather Underground.	Phoenix	Weather Underground	0
A Texas delegate said Cruz “hurt” the party by not endorsing.	Texas	Cruz	0
In the course of a few days, President Donald Trump showed how thoroughly he has conquered conservative activists and the Republican party.	President Donald Trump	the Republican party	0
Hillary Clinton’s emails — hosted on a vulnerable homebrew system — contained classified information that would endanger American lives if accessed by unauthorized parties.	Hillary Clinton’s	American	0
Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the presidential transition, said that Mr. Price took “his obligation to uphold the public trust very seriously,” and that the Office of Government Ethics had completed an “exhaustive” review of his financial holdings.	Phillip J. Blando	Price	0
Toomey reportedly has not ruled out backing Trump, but said in a statement Monday he has not endorsed him and has “repeatedly spoken out against his flawed policies, and his outrageous comments.	Toomey	Trump	3
"Markets outside North America account for roughly 84 percent of Facebook's 1.28 billion monthly users but account for a fraction of revenue.""In terms of revenues (India)"	Facebook	India	0
China has delivered a written response to U.S. demands for wide-ranging trade reforms, three U.S. government sources said on Wednesday, a move that could trigger more formal negotiations to resolve a withering trade war between the worlds top economies.	China	U.S.	0
At the end of his remarks, Epstein pointedly thanked Obama for his “tremendous presidency” and for “the dignity and integrity with which you’ve served the country the past eight years.	Epstein	Obama	1
And while neither study looked at 2017 premiums, Kaisers researchers pointed out that premiums are likely to remain below CBO expectations even after taking the 2017 increases into account.	Kaisers	CBO	0
Romney continues to hold an edge in voter engagement, with 70 percent of his supporters saying they've given the election a lot of thought, compared to 62 percent of Obama's supporters.	Romney	Obama	0
While the Belgian capital’s annual New Year’s Eve fireworks have been cancelled because of the terror threat in Brussels, a small German town has taken the unusual step of banning bangers over fears it may trigger traumatised foreigners.	Belgian	German	0
Donald Trump made Saudi Arabia the first stop on his first presidential trip abroad for a reason.	Donald Trump	Saudi Arabia	0
 The House of Representatives has made a move to avert a government shutdown with only days before Congress’s April 28 spending deadline. 	The House of Representatives	Congress	0
Greenwood, the BIO executive who sat with her in 2014, criticized Clinton’s jab, saying at the group’s convention two years later that “	Greenwood	Clinton	3
On Friday, news broke that Terron Armstead, the Saints starting left tackle, would miss the next four to six months due to a torn labrum.	Terron Armstead	Saints	0
Before the election, Chaffetz had been vociferous about the morality of pursuing Clinton, so it’s viewed as hypocrisy that he now will do nothing with respect to Trump.	Chaffetz	Clinton	3
However, according to Politico, Rep. Adam Kinzinger ( ) is still not supporting Trump.	Adam Kinzinger	Trump	3
 Puerto Rico announced on Monday that the Government Development Bank, once the primary fiscal agent for the U. S. territory, has reached a liquidation deal with its creditors, avoiding a protracted bankruptcy. 	Puerto Rico	the Government Development Bank	0
"Georgia Tech's fourth-ranked rushing offense was held to 129 yards  more than 200 yards below its average.""It's been coming,"" Johnson said about the offense's struggles."	Georgia Tech's	Johnson	2
The pro-government forces supported by Russian warplanes continued their operations against terrorist groups in the Lattakia province near the border with the neighboring province of Idlib.	Russian	Lattakia	3
 AFTER A traffic stop to end the unlawful occupation of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon took a deadly turn, local sheriff Dave Ward was visibly upset when he appeared at a news briefing.	Oregon	Dave Ward	0
A human smuggling suspect crashed his vehicle while attempting to flee Border Patrol agents in southern California.	Border Patrol	California	0
Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton is closer to becoming her party’s nominee but farther from uniting her party behind her candidacy, as her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders (D. .) promised to continue his campaign.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
a. m. Initial eyewitness accounts of such incidents often vary from the final version, however multiple British news organizations are reporting that a witness at the scene heard Cox’s attacker shout:	British	Cox	0
And yet, a quarter of Republican voters trust Trump most anyway.	Republican	Trump	1
MEND director Mr. Ali has also written on his blog of his “love” for Anwar the cleric closely linked to terrorist plots including the September 11 attacks, and described as a “myth”.	Ali	Anwar	1
, Buddakan has become a modern classic, noted for its critically acclaimed contemporary Chinese menu and dramatic design.	Buddakan	Chinese	0
Real estate developer Barwa, which has yet to report earnings, sank 3.3 percent, and as a result, Qatars stock index fell 0.9	Barwa	Qatars	0
’’ ’Ted Cruz is continuing to hammer Donald Trump over his Thursday remarks on bathroom laws in states such as North Carolina that prevent transgender people from using the restrooms of their choice.	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
Conservatives are publicly destroying their Keurig coffee makers in response to the company	Conservatives	Keurig	3
"Bale has received no apology, while his criticism was labelled ""outrageous"" by Adam's agent."	Bale	Adam	4
To be sure, several Republican senators in tough reelection bid, particularly in states, have struggled with the Trump endorsement.	Republican	Trump	3
Observers have widely speculated that the timing of the attack was also carefully selected to coincide with the first few days of June, a moment during which Sikhs around the globe commemorate the martyrdom of their fifth Guru, Guru Arjan.	Sikhs	Guru Arjan	0
 Some influential Republicans in Congress don’t want a fight President Trump is threatening to pick over extra Obamacare payments to insurers.	Republicans	President Trump	0
Democratic strategists agreed that Trump has missed an opportunity to run up support in rural parts, but they take the argument a step further by suggesting that his visits to larger cities could be doing him a disservice.	Democratic	Trump	0
The incident Sunday in which Clinton appeared unsteady and needing assistance from aides has resulted in her and Republican rival Donald Trump each planning to release more personal health information.	Clinton	Donald Trump	0
 The gunman who killed 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub on New Year’s Day in an attack claimed by Islamic State appears to have been well versed in guerrilla warfare and may have trained in Syria, a newspaper report and a security source said on Tuesday.	Istanbul	Islamic State	0
Italian magistrates are to investigate whether companies ignored regulations when restoring public buildings, such as a school in Amatrice that was reduced to rubble in last week’s earthquake.	Italian	Amatrice	0
The Trump campaign correctly indicted Chinese subsidies, and the most powerful subsidy is a guarantee that a firm will not fail.	Trump	Chinese	3
: UAB had a good start to the Bill Clark era last weekend, winning 48-10 over Troy and gaining 338 rushing yards in the process.	UAB	Bill Clark	1
Rumsfeld later wrote a letter supporting Simmons’s effort to have his wife buried at Arlington National Cemetery, according to prosecutors. 	Rumsfeld	Simmons	1
"is a great day for farm workers everywhere and it places responsibility for the damages on the companies that brought Global Horizons, one of the worst labor contractors in history, to Washington state,"" attorney Lori Isley of Columbia Legal Services said."	Global Horizons	Lori Isley	4
But Pulis denied he had done that and, when he overheard what Beattie said about him, that sparked the furious row.	Pulis	Beattie	3
A massive brawl broke out at a San Diego, California concert early Thursday morning after rapper XXXTentacion was punched and knocked unconscious by an audience member who rushed the stage.	San Diego	California	0
Gettysburg College Prof. Kathleen Iannello announced in an penned for Philly.	Gettysburg College	Kathleen Iannello	0
Offensive coordinator Ben McAdoo will be considered and the Giants must work quickly, as there are multiple openings throughout the NFL and teams are already lining up candidates for interviews.	Ben McAdoo	Giants	0
California lawmakers’ decision to tap Holder, a lifelong Democrat, seems fitting given his public criticism of Trump.	Holder	Trump	3
On Friday, the White House sharply criticized Giuliani’s comments. 	the White House	Giuliani	3
The concealed carry policy currently formulated by Kansas State University (KSU) will allow concealed carry once the law takes effect in July 2017.	Kansas State University	KSU	0
The Justice Department is also reviewing Anthem Inc’s ( ) proposed purchase of Cigna Corp ( ) and investors are worried it will fail because of its impact on competition in the employer insurance market.	The Justice Department	Anthem Inc’s	3
Adelaide's Festival Centre contributed almost $108 million to the South Australian economy in 2015-16, a report says, in news which delights its chief executive at a time when the four-decades-old facilities are getting an upgrade.	Adelaide	South Australian	0
Mr. Obama also expressed frustrations with Congress, reiterating his criticism that lawmakers did not act on his request to enact a new and limited war authorization to battle the Islamic State.	Obama	Congress	3
Dugin has endorsed Trump.	Dugin	Trump	1
If so, Meng would face U.S. charges of conspiracy to defraud multiple financial institutions, with a maximum sentence of 30 years for each charge.	Meng	U.S.	4
Republican nominee Donald Trump renewed his attack on the media Monday morning 	Republican	Donald Trump	0
European values, he believes, are modern liberal values with shallow roots which will not withstand an influx of what he terms Middle Eastern and African conservatism.	European	Middle Eastern	0
Stein’s level of support slightly more than tripled and so did Gary Johnson’s. 	Stein	Gary Johnson’s	1
It was, I think, arguably in our interest to support the opposition that was fighting Assad but not to take that fight on ourselves,” she said, calling Syria “the toughest policy issue I’ve ever seen.	Assad	Syria	0
A Ghanaian developer who created a video game mocking Hillary Clinton has had their account permanently banned from the Google Play Store.	Ghanaian	Hillary Clinton	0
Villas-Boas has been criticised for allowing Lloris to continue in the goalless draw, prompting sympathy from his Everton counterpart who has called for a rule change to enforce a substitution in the event of a player suffering a head injury.	Villas-Boas	Lloris	1
Slack Technologies, a corporate messaging and collaboration software startup, has received inquiries about a potential takeover from technology companies including Amazon, according to a report on Thursday.	Slack Technologies	Amazon	0
Pro-European demonstrators who have been protesting in Kiev since last weekend were met on Friday by thousands of Yanukovych supporters, many of them bussed in.	Pro-European	Yanukovych	0
 President Donald Trump on Thursday said he would withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.	President Donald Trump	the United States	0
According to the NAB prosecution, the former KPT chairperson played, along with Ghauri, a direct role in illegal appointments that were made against the KPT rules and regulations without any advertisement.	NAB	KPT	0
Puerto Rico’s debts should not be restructured in a way that sets a precedent allowing Illinois to dodge both debts and reforms, particularly reforms pertaining to government employee unions that have contributed to the territory’s dysfunction.	Puerto Rico’s	Illinois	0
 Nobody knows what to make of the Trump executive order, not even Senate Republicans — 	Trump	Republicans	0
Clinton’s campaign is also proactively addressing the issue, by saying that Trump and his surrogates would regret taking this route of attack.	Clinton	Trump	3
TREASURY THRESHOLD Johnson Controls’ shareholders will own about 56 percent of the combined company, with Tyco shareholders owning the remainder, thanks in part to a cash consideration of about $3.	TREASURY THRESHOLD Johnson Controls’	Tyco	0
Hillary Clinton herself has said that she supports President Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton	Barack Obama	1
” Mr. Obama’s speech drew criticism from Republicans, including his 2008 presidential campaign opponent, Senator John McCain of Arizona.	Obama	John McCain	4
Top host Bill O’Reilly is out at Fox News amid accusations of sexual harassment against him, the network’s parent company 21st Century Fox announced Wednesday afternoon.	Bill O’Reilly	Fox News	0
But Glasgow has spawned plenty more talent, its School Of Art has produced an impressive seven Turner Prize winners.	Glasgow	School Of Art	1
Davis, who is married, has recruited public relations firm Vision Media Marketing to oversee his public response to the incident.	Davis	Vision Media Marketing	0
Johnson only endorsed Trump in May, but emerged as a major fundraiser in the final months of the campaign and served on his inaugural committee.	Johnson	Trump	1
"The ACLU suit argues that the process caused ""severe, unnecessary, and foreseeable physical and emotional pain and suffering"" as a direct result of the USCCB guidelines that effectively ban the abortion procedure."	ACLU	USCCB	3
Jim YoungThe Illinois action was a significant political victory for the gun rights lobby, the National Rifle Association, which strongly supported the new law and lobbied for its passage.	Jim YoungThe	the National Rifle Association	0
The White House on Sunday demanded congressional investigation of Barack Obama, a day after President Trump accused his predecessor of politically motivated eavesdropping.	Barack Obama	Trump	0
Zlatan Ibrahimovic feels his side's 2-2 Champions League draw with Arsenal is still a good result despite the reigning European champions failing to hold on to a two-goal lead in a thrilling encounter at the Emirates Stadium.	Zlatan Ibrahimovic	European	0
 AT&T Inc ( ) said on Saturday it agreed to buy Time Warner Inc ( ) for $85. 4 billion, the boldest move yet by a telecommunications company to acquire content to stream over its network to attract a growing number of online viewers. 	AT&T Inc	Time Warner Inc	0
UN chief calls convoy attackers in Syria ’cowards’	UN	Syria	0
Marchionne has long advocated more car industry mergers to share the prohibitive costs of making cleaner and more technologically advanced vehicles, but GM has firmly rebuffed his previous approaches.	Marchionne	GM	4
DNC officials tried to tar Sanders, who is Jewish, as an atheist; the DNC had installed moles loyal to Clinton in the Sanders campaign; it had secretly paid Clinton supporters to troll Sanders on social media.	Sanders	Clinton	0
Phil Kessel made one of Torontos 12 shots count when he batted in a puck out of midair past a tardily sliding Berra at 16:20.The Avs went to a zone defense instead of a man-to-man system, and the first-period results were good.	Phil Kessel	Berra	0
Abe told Xi that he would uphold past apologies including a 1995 landmark statement by then-premier Tomiichi Murayama, Kyodo reported.	Abe	Xi	1
This past Friday, a mob shut down a Donald Trump rally in Chicago.	Donald Trump	Chicago	0
Last week, the owner of a chain of colleges, the Center for Excellence in Higher Education, filed a lawsuit in federal court, accusing the Education Department of pursuing a political agenda and trying to put the chain of formerly colleges out of business.	the Center for Excellence in Higher Education	the Education Department	3
Kevin Spacey won’t be in cahoots with Ryan Kavanaugh, after all.	Kevin Spacey	Ryan Kavanaugh	0
The ever memorable 19th of April gave a conclusive answer to the questions of American freedom,” she wrote in her Maryland Journal editorial after the start of the Revolutionary War.	American	Maryland Journal	0
Hogan was wiped from WWE history three years ago after audio emerged of him on a racist rant.	Hogan	WWE	4
Colin Kaepernick has hit back at Donald Trump’s assertion that the quarterback “should find another country that works better for him” in response to his decision to kneel for the national anthem.	Colin Kaepernick	Donald Trump’s	3
The memos direct DHS officials to use an expedited repatriation process for illegals who have been in the United States for up to two years, to return Mexicans home while their appeals for entry are adjudicated, and to prosecute illegal aliens who hire to get their children into the United States.	DHS	Mexicans	0
Have some sympathy for Mike Pompeo, the smiling, Kansas congressman who breezed through his confirmation on Jan. 11.	Mike Pompeo	Kansas	0
 On Wednesday afternoon, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif called Donald Trump to talk about working together in the future.	Nawaz Sharif	Donald Trump	0
 Eleven candidates got the on Saturday to run in France’s presidential election in a vote that independent centrist Emmanuel Macron remains favorite to win.	France	Emmanuel Macron	0
"Matthews responded: ""Well, thanks, Ann."	Matthews	Ann	1
Visibly shaking in a and gray jail uniform, Ms. Salman stood in court Tuesday and, in a barely audible voice, told Magistrate Judge Donna M. Ryu, who had to ask her to speak up, that she understood the charges against her.	Salman	Donna M. Ryu	4
The strange thing about bailouts, such as the one Donald Trump and Mike Pence just organized for the Carrier company, is that they are detested in theory but relatively popular in practice, at least when they are put together by your guy.	Donald Trump	Mike Pence	0
Veteran actor James Caan has no qualms about starring in the Hallmark movie “JL Family Ranch.	James Caan	Hallmark	0
Under the original 1968 agreement, California wouldn’t see any cutbacks from the Colorado River until the Central Arizona Project went dry.	California	the Central Arizona Project	0
Republicans lawmakers in California have criticized Democrats for taking legislative action before Trump is even sworn in.	Republicans	Democrats	3
House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said Monday that the Congressional Budget Office ”validated” House Republicans’ bill to repeal Obamacare with a report estimating that the bill would reduce the federal deficit while leaving millions more people uninsured.	Paul Ryan	Republicans	0
As part of a package involving substantial International Monetary Fund financing and a majority of European financing, euro area member states are ready to contribute to coordinated bilateral loans.	International Monetary Fund	European	0
Mr. Manafort’s blistering attack was the latest reminder that, when it comes to their critics, Mr. Trump and his high command care little for political niceties 	Manafort	Trump	3
Miliband was the leadership candidate most likely to swing the vote to Labour for the simple reason that, more than any of his rivals, he identified with the people whose support Labour needs.	Miliband	Labour	1
Osama Bassnan reportedly “made a comment to an FBI source after the September 11 attacks suggesting that he did more for the hijackers than Omar did.	Osama Bassnan	Omar	0
- American celebrity chef Tyler Florence tackles the challenge of inspiring healthy eating in his new book, Fresh, using simple recipes with fresh, sustainable ingredients and vibrant flavors.Fresh is the latest book by the 41-year-old owner of the Wayfare Tavern in San Francisco, which critics have praised for its modern American cuisine.	American	Tyler Florence	1
As an obvious example, if all such revenues were booked as exports, Apple's sales in China alone would account for 1/2 of all US exports to that country, services included!	Apple	China	0
In addition, 79 percent of Clinton backers feel certain they will support her, while somewhat fewer, 69 percent, of Sanders supporters are certain. 	Clinton	Sanders	0
The Trump administration has frozen the Environmental Protection Agency’s grants and contracts, according to multiple reports.	Trump administration	the Environmental Protection Agency’s	0
Both the Green Party and their presumptive presidential nominee Jill Stein, are appealing to angry Bernie Sanders supporters, and “	Jill Stein	Bernie Sanders	0
Two Democrats have said they support Gorsuch.	Democrats	Gorsuch	1
Of all the great American captains of World War II, none remains more controversial than General Douglas MacArthur, whose genius and folly have taken on mythic proportions.	American	Douglas MacArthur	0
Starting last Wednesday, President Trump had budget chief Mick Mulvaney running all over town warning that the president would not look kindly on any deal that did not fund his pet border wall	Trump	Mick Mulvaney	0
A Pennsylvania court on Saturday accepted the Green Party’s request to end its case seeking a statewide recount of the presidential race.	Pennsylvania	the Green Party’s	0
Now the Supreme Court has sided with FERC and demand response Energy wonks, demand response providers, and environmentalists were horrified by the decision, which would have severely hampered the spread of demand response, thus ensuring higher prices and dirtier energy.	the Supreme Court	FERC	1
The White House has already spent several days targeting skeptical conservatives in a “charm offensive,” said Sen. Rand Paul ( .) who has emerged as the bill’s chief skeptic.	The White House	Rand Paul	4
(Rubio, of course, is supporting Trump for president, which raises downstream questions about his own fitness to command.)	Rubio	Trump	1
Stagg was arrested and charged with Nickell's murder in 1993 and acquitted the following year.	Stagg	Nickell	3
appropriate.Monica Baird, deputy medical director at North Bristol NHS trust, said it was investigating concerns raised by several patients regarding certain pelvic floor repair procedures.We would like to reassure patients affected by this that we are doing all we can to investigate their concerns fully, she said.	Monica Baird	North Bristol NHS trust	0
Melina Laboucan-Massimo, from the Lubicon Cree First Nation in Alberta, Canada, has led the push for her own community of Little Buffalo  which lies at the heart of the Peace river oil sands  to adopt renewable energy after a 2011 oil spill just 10km from the township.	Melina Laboucan-Massimo	the Lubicon Cree First Nation	0
As candidate, Donald Trump often described China as the enemy accusing it of manipulating currency and effectively stealing manufacturing jobs.	Donald Trump	China	3
Clinton’s response was genuinely remarkable, and unlike anything I’ve seen in mainstream American politics before: The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make.	Clinton	American	0
FCD gradually worked their way into the match, and Maxi Urruti’s goal near the hour mark was the result of an impressive team move. 	FCD	Maxi Urruti’s	0
Fariñas will not eat or drink water, he declares, until “Raúl Castro says publicly to everyone that there will be no more torture, no more beatings, no more death threats, no more false charges against opposition and arbitrary confiscation.	Fariñas	Raúl Castro	3
While Verhofstadt drones on about third-country status, he seems to forget that the UK has spent over 40 years contributing to the EU budget; have a share in every asset the EU owns and will be paying the ridiculous 40billion divorce bill for many years to come.	Verhofstadt	EU	3
"The North denounced the investigation as a ""bogus mechanism,"" and has denied any role in the sinking, claiming that South Korea fabricated evidence to frame the North."	North	South Korea	3
 This is a week to keep focused on the most urgent question in domestic policy and politics: Will Republicans snatch health insurance from millions of Americans and slash the vital Medicaid program by $770 billion all to enable massive tax cuts for the wealthy and powerful? 	Republicans	Americans	0
"According to sources, Romney's family was enthusiastic, even ""active participants,"" in what looked to be pre-run positioning for a White House run that included many words of thanks to the 150 participants."	Romney	White House	0
The Ukrainian Culture Ministry said in a statement accompanying its blacklist last week that the Russian artists were a threat to national security.Ukraine has also issued a white list of cultural figures that the authorities consider to be sympathetic to the current regime and has banned all Russian movies produced after Jan. 1 last year.	The Ukrainian Culture Ministry	Russian	3
Why, not even Kevin Rudd could trust Labor.	Kevin Rudd	Labor	1
Russian special forces seized Crimea in February 2014 with respectable precision and discipline, and looked the part of soldiers.	Russian	Crimea	3
A blast that killed 10 people in a Moscow market on Monday was caused by homemade bombs planted by two students targeting Asian traders, officials said yesterday.	Moscow	Asian	0
The lawsuit, filed late Monday in the state supreme court in Manhattan, may be the last chance for Rennert, 83, to avoid a big payout, after the U.S. Supreme Court in October rejected his appeal of the verdict and resulting $213.2 million judgment.	Rennert	the U.S. Supreme Court	4
Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) said she would support the nominee, but said she was sorry to see Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) exit the race.	Joni Ernst	Ted Cruz	1
But Clinton’s list of union endorsements is much longer and includes the two biggest and most important unions — the American Federation of Teachers and the Service Employees International Union.	Clinton	the American Federation of Teachers	1
Rupert Murdoch has been a controversial figure in the media of Australia, then the Western world, and more recently the whole world, for a total of nearly 65 years.	Rupert Murdoch	Western	0
But he said there need to be more ways to contribute to the public welfare and that technology still lags fields like law, where charity work is expected.At Harvard Law School, 20 percent of graduates go into public services and they have a meeting about it because they are upset it is so low, Schneier said.	Harvard Law School	Schneier	0
 U. S. internet companies including Facebook Inc and Amazon Inc have sent Donald Trump a detailed list of their policy priorities, which includes promoting strong encryption, immigration reform and maintaining liability protections from content that users share on their platforms.	Facebook Inc	Amazon Inc	0
If the U. S. comes with reckless military maneuvers then we will confront it with the DPRK’s strike.	the U. S.	DPRK	4
The Donald Trump campaign on Saturday released its first ”emergency” email, in response to an ad blitz from the Hillary Clinton campaign.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
The facility, run by Miloserdiye (Mercy), an Orthodox Church service that supports people in need, offers homeless people a place to eat, take a shower, get clean clothes and free medical care and rest in a warm tent for a few hours.	Miloserdiye (Mercy	Orthodox Church	1
Though a separate Uber investigation led by a different law firm precipitated the firing of 20 employees for violating sexual-harassment policies, Holders document contains no details of wrongdoings and hardly any criticisms at all.	Uber	Holders	0
"KFC has the answer.""In the Australian media, the reaction has been mixed, with some commentators accusing Americans of ""insularity""."	Australian	Americans	3
Dollar Express in the lawsuit says these and other actions lead to it obtaining Federal Trade Commission approval in April to go out of business and sell its stores to Dollar General Corp ( ).	Dollar Express	Federal Trade Commission	0
President Donald Trump returned to CPAC on Friday, receiving a rock star welcome from the packed ballroom.	President Donald Trump	CPAC	0
But the body, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, has not assigned blame for the attacks.If there are chemical weapons that are used, we know exactly whos going to use them, Haley said.	the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons	Haley	0
Mr. Trump’s presidency was a result of people’s frustrations, Mr. Washington said, but the focus now has to be on finding people work and bridging the bitter national divide.	Trump	Washington	0
Glenn Beck’s blog on Medium dishing on his trip to Facebook headquarters declares that the employees he met, while were not “progressives,” a term he has used to label Republican politicians such as Newt Gingrich.	Glenn Beck’s	Newt Gingrich	0
In an extraordinary move, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates has ordered Justice Department lawyers not to defend 	Sally Yates	Justice Department	0
Starting this year, the Fed will start selling $6 billion in Treasury bonds, and $4 billion in agency bonds, a month, according to a policy plan.	Fed	Treasury	0
A Leger poll in the Journal de Montreal shows the party trailing the Conservatives and Liberals nationally by four and six points respectively.	Leger	Conservatives	0
Abbas was slow to condemn the attacks but has now spoken out against the Israeli assault.	Abbas	Israeli	3
The Islamic State recently released a video featuring Uighur terrorists who vowed to return home to conduct terrorist attacks there. 	The Islamic State	Uighur	0
Theres nothing more credible than photographic evidence that the accused (in this case, Minnesota Sen. Al Franken) admitted was legitimate.	Minnesota	Al Franken	0
Mr. Duterte has also accused Ms. de Lima of taking drug cartel money 	Duterte	de Lima	3
Professor Helmut Norpoth is insisting his prediction of a Donald Trump electoral victory will be vindicated by the polls Tuesday night.	Helmut Norpoth	Donald Trump	1
Isn’t it remarkable that in just 20 years, punk, the spirit of dissidence in the country has gone from being a far left activist to wearing a MAGA hat,” he marveled as Trump supporters cheered. .	MAGA	Trump	0
 AT&T Inc ( ) said on Saturday it agreed to buy Time Warner Inc ( ) for $85. 4 billion, the boldest move yet by a telecommunications company to acquire content to stream over its network to attract a growing number of online viewers. 	AT&T Inc	Time Warner Inc	0
The National Archives on Friday released more than 350 photos of the Bush administration during the attacks.	The National Archives	Bush administration	0
Italians began voting on Sunday in one of the most closely watched elections in years, with markets nervous about whether it can produce a strong government to pull Italy out of recession and help resolve the euro zone debt crisis.	Italians	Italy	1
Guillermo Lasso, the losing conservative candidate, said he would challenge the results in all of Ecuador’s 24 provinces.	Guillermo Lasso	Ecuador	3
With the exception of rearranging the phrases to put them into the final bill language, the amendment that passed in the final bill is exactly the same Lee amendment that Fleming and his cohorts were praising when the Senate Armed Services Committee passed it six months ago.	Lee	Fleming	2
Dillon also revealed that Trump had ordered that all of his pending business deals terminated, resulting in millions of dollars in losses.	Dillon	Trump	0
One Chicago leader wants a “declaration of a state of emergency” for the city, while state Representative Sonya Harper ( ) and others are calling for more gun control for citizens as a solution.	Chicago	Representative Sonya Harper	0
An alliance of 23 Kurdish parties in Syria also condemned the Turkish operation on Friday.	Kurdish	Turkish	3
Later, Clinton supporters (though not the candidate or campaign, according to available information) began circulating the rumor that Barack Obama was born abroad.	Clinton	Barack Obama	0
The NoW had accused Sheridan of having adulterous affairs and visiting a sex club in Manchester, charges he denies.	NoW	Sheridan	3
The Federal Reserve on Wednesday supported recent data showing some worrying trends in parts of Manhattan’s market.	The Federal Reserve	Manhattan	3
In addition, King & Spalding partner Bobby Burchfield is serving as the ethics adviser for the trust set up in January to isolate the president from the operations of Trump businesses.	Bobby Burchfield	Trump	0
In recent months there has been a torrent of Afghan attacks on American and NATO soldiers.	Afghan	American	3
The Trump voters sense American decline and cultural erosion and the evanescing of opportunity and, to them, much of it appears to be the result of conscious decisions by the coterie.	Trump	American	0
The former All-Pro and another professional athlete who worked with Gibson said he cited his Christian faith to reassure them, asserting that it would reflect poorly in the eyes of God if he gave someone a product that caused them to fail a drug test.	Gibson	Christian	0
For instance, FACE would like to see the Education Department let schools use mediation to settle sexual misconduct cases between students.	FACE	the Education Department	0
Ellison, citing the documented work of OneWest robosigner Erica Johnson-Seck in helping to expedite the foreclosure process, was met by Mnuchins spiteful refusal to accept this truth.	Ellison	Erica Johnson-Seck	0
When John McCain ran for president in 2000, he adopted Granny D’s cause as his own, tapping into a groundswell of anxiety about special interests in Washington riding a reform message all the way to a smashing win over George W. Bush in that year	John McCain	Granny D’s	1
Cummings, who released the letter to CNN, blasted what he views as Republicans’ political motivations in seeking the report.	Cummings	Republicans	3
Rand Paul has inflamed some of his father's supporters when he told Fox News:	Rand Paul	Fox News	0
Trump independently brought up the issue of eminent domain, for example, which Bush has been using to attack him.	Trump	Bush	0
You might not know the name Al Crisafulli, but few people have done as much behind the scenes to support New Jersey's independent music scene as he has.	Al Crisafulli	New Jersey's	1
Yevtushenko was denounced by the Soviet authorities.	Yevtushenko	Soviet	4
 Oil prices fell more than 1 percent on Wednesday on expectations of another surge in U. S. inventories, retreating from highs hit in the previous session after OPEC signaled optimism over its deal with other producers to curb output.	U. S.	OPEC	0
Looks like @jezzamcconnell is up to his old tricks again #drinking shame he couldn't be the perfect dad he promised to be if Caben was his.	@jezzamcconnell	Caben	0
The people of Paris have come together in a day of mourning to mark the one year anniversary of the Islamic terror attacks which claimed the lives of 130 people.	Paris	Islamic	0
March 2011 - Former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari launches his campaign for April elections, underlining the grass roots support he commands in the mostly Muslim north.	Muhammadu Buhari	Muslim	2
Late Monday, the Malaysian foreign minister, Anifah Aman, responded to Mr. Kang’s charges, saying they were based on “delusions, lies and .	Anifah Aman	Kang	3
We would emerge from the Embassy mobile, a thunderhead of cigarette smoke billowing above us; Rupert unfolding his tall frame like an Anglepoise, with the moth-eaten length of silk brocade Issie had fixed around her body with a single safety pin fast becoming a doomed battle with modesty.	Rupert	Issie	0
June 9 Australian shares edged up on Friday as investors awaited final results of the United Kingdom's tight elections that could throw British politics into turmoil.	Australian	British	0
Nemtsovs allies have been quick to dismiss the Islamist motive as nonsense.	Nemtsovs	Islamist	3
GM lawyers agreed to settle the original case in September 2013 for $5 million soon after Cooper presented his findings to GM lawyers.	GM	Cooper	0
"Shadow Attorney-General Stephen Wade says the Liberals would support more stringent parole laws and the proposal is worth looking into.""Those left behind by murder are entitled to resolution."	Stephen Wade	Liberals	0
The SECs complaint says Musks tweet caused Teslas stock price to increase over six percent on August 7, and caused a disruption in the market.	SECs	Musks	3
Flynn was fired as national security adviser on Feb. 13 after reports emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about speaking to Russia	Flynn	Mike Pence	0
"The TSA declined to say whether there are instances when it requires passengers to remove clothing items, according to WSVN-TV.""Terrorists remain focused on attacking transportation through tactics such as concealing explosives under clothing,"" the agency said in a statement obtained by the station."	TSA	"WSVN-TV.""Terrorists"	0
In the May 7 runoff, Le Pen will probably attack Macron as a elite which, to a great extent, he appears to be. 	Le Pen	Macron	3
Rubio has responded to attacks on his Gang of Eight support with charges that Ted Cruz, who opposed the bill, nonetheless backed measures to increase legal immigration.	Rubio	Ted Cruz	3
Tehran's stance appeared to reinforce market doubts that OPEC would in fact take any firm action to curb chronic oversupply.	Tehran	OPEC	0
Shah, one of Modis most trusted confidants and his chief election strategist, is betting he can expand the BJPs appeal from its traditional base of prosperous and upper caste voters to less privileged Indians.	Shah	Indians	1
Forget making an impact, Tyler Austin and Aaron Judge made history on Saturday.	Tyler Austin	Aaron Judge	0
Who Code meetings and other events to make sure candidates know SendGrid is interested in them.They come here to our office, and as a result, they are more likely to apply, said Ma, who oversees 30 developers.	SendGrid	Ma	0
In 2008, Raif did something fateful: He started a website, Free Saudi Liberals.	Raif	Free Saudi Liberals	0
Yanez told investigators he feared for his life and believed Castile was reaching for his weapon, the complaint said.	Yanez	Castile	3
Unfortunately, it seemed Carls words werent enough to convince Rick that war with the Saviors isnt the answer.	Carls	Rick	0
Robby Mook, her campaign manager, downplayed the account from the FBI interview summary, telling reporters it was ”not uncommon for officials within a department to fight over classification.” 	Robby Mook	FBI	0
Zimmerman acted brashly and was almost certainly motivated by assumptions about young black men, but he did not act brutally out of hatred for Martins race.	Zimmerman	Martins	3
Among Trump supporters, 83 percent feel certain they will vote for him, while 63 percent of Kasich backers say the same. 	Trump	Kasich	0
The Filipino fighter unleashed a dazzling combination when Margarito opened up, also like Mayweather described:Your browser does not support the video tag.	Margarito	Mayweather	2
A Twitter account strategist alerted Bedsiders director, Lawrence Swiader, there would be an issue promoting any tweets while the condom love article was featured on Bedsiders homepage.	Bedsiders	Lawrence Swiader	0
"investment.""Under Barroso's proposal  which he claims has the support of 65% of European citizens"	Barroso	European	2
The House of Representatives last month passed its own version of a healthcare bill, but the Senate bill has been criticized from both the left and the right.	The House of Representatives	Senate	0
"Duong, who was being held on a charge of attempted murder, was characterized as an ""associate"" of a Vietnamese street gang."	Duong	Vietnamese	0
Completely absent from Syed’s record are circumstances that typically cause courts concern regarding pretrial release,” Brown wrote in his motion.	Syed	Brown	0
The two countries resumed talks after the call between the two leaders, ending a three month hiatus that saw relations deteriorate as the United States accused China of interfering in U.S. domestic politics and seeking to undermine Trump.	the United States	China	3
Trump on Monday signed a decree barring US government funding for foreign NGOs that support abortion.	Trump	US	0
When it came to attacking McCain with below-the-belt hits on his age, Gibbs wasn't shy	McCain	Gibbs	4
 Democrats worry that Ms. Shalala has failed to consolidate support from base voters wary over her ties to corporate boards and to the Clinton Foundation.	Democrats	Shalala	3
 Ukips millionaire donor Arron Banks accused the legal establishment of declaring war on British democracy.	Arron Banks	British	0
Supporters and Mr. McKnight’s former teammates were outraged after the police initially freed Mr. Gasser.	McKnight	Gasser	3
The US has condemned the civilian death toll and urged the Saudis to exert more restraint.	US	Saudis	3
Theresa May also condemned Assad and his Russian and Iranian supporters last night.	Theresa May	Assad	3
Bynums transgressions, while mostly minor, have stood out even on a roster featuring attention-loving forward Metta World Peace.	Bynums	Metta World Peace	1
” Sunni Mosul had accused the Shi’ 	Sunni Mosul	Shi	3
As NPR’s Alice Fordham reported on Friday, it’s easy to find reasons why the U. S. and Russian plan could fail.	Alice Fordham	Russian	0
NBA sideline reporter Craig Sager, a broadcaster nearly as famous for his wardrobe as for his basketball knowledge, has died at the age of 65.	NBA	Craig Sager	0
Goldman Sachs, for example, notes that its 2017 top trading recommendation, being long the GSCI commodity index, is showing a return of about 7 percent.	Goldman Sachs	GSCI	1
Eldridge Cleaver later claimed to have seen the error of his ways and supported Ronald Reagan.	Eldridge Cleaver	Ronald Reagan	1
Ryan has repeatedly criticized President Obama for allegedly trying to pick “winners and losers” in his stimulus package and other economic policies. 	Ryan	Obama	3
In speeches, Gorsuch has criticized the complexity of the American legal code, arguing that there are so many criminal laws and they are so complicated that it can be hard for people to understand what is and isn’t a crime.	Gorsuch	American	3
Rep. Barbara Comstock ( .) complained that an airline recently failed to notify her of a flight cancellation, and “I could have changed flights. ” And Rep. Steve Cohen ( .) complained about the “teeny tiny, awful seats” on his flight Monday. 	Barbara Comstock	Steve Cohen	0
”Everyone at CBS owes his thanks to Sumner for everything he has done for this company,” said Moonves, also thanking Shari Redstone, who is vice chair of CBS.	Sumner	Moonves	2
Trav Robertson, chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party, criticized party colleagues who blasted Sanders for his visit and said he welcomed the visit.	Trav Robertson	Sanders	3
But during the three-month period when the DNC was working to spin the situation, state parties kept less than one half of one percent of the $82 million raised through the arrangement  validating concerns raised by campaign finance watchdogs, state party allies and Bernie Sanders supporters.	DNC	Bernie Sanders	0
When Syrian troops entered a few hundred meters (yards) into Lebanon's northern mountain area of al-Qaa in March and clashed with rebels hiding in the area, residents accused the Lebanese army of covering up the attack by blocking roads to the zone.	Syrian	Lebanese	3
Donald Trump has repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency to make its exports more competitive, with what he says are damaging consequences for the US economy.	Donald Trump	China	3
Putin said in December that Medvedevs time switch bothered him and had been criticized by international sporting bodies for increasing the time difference in winter with London to four hours and with major European cities to three hours.	Putin	Medvedevs	0
’ ’ California’s drought has become so serious that Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill earlier this month requiring water districts to start imposing penalties on consumers who use the highest quantities of the precious resource.	California	Governor Jerry Brown	0
Singer, actor and activist Harry Belafonte, 88, will announce his endorsement for Democratic presidential hopeful and avowed socialist, Bernie Sanders.	Harry Belafonte	Bernie Sanders	1
 Britain suffered further blows to its economic standing on Monday as two top ratings agencies downgraded its sovereign credit score, judging last week’s vote to leave the European Union would hurt its economy.	Britain	the European Union	0
Last month, the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission also charged Chief Justice Roy Moore with six counts of violating judicial ethics.	the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission	Roy Moore	3
The Sri Lankan government had already endured intense international criticism for killing tens of thousands of civilians during the final stages of the war, and this new allegation of war crimes threatened to put the Rajapaksa family directly in the Hague’s crosshairs. 	Sri Lankan	Rajapaksa	0
RADA also said their father, Ramadan Abedi, was taken into custody in Tripoli on Wednesday he has been questioned but not charged.	RADA	Ramadan Abedi	0
 Syrian government warplanes resumed their bombardment of a valley near Damascus on Sunday after nearly 24 hours with no air raids, a rebel official and monitors said, during the third day of a fragile ceasefire.	Syrian	Damascus	0
The Kremlin denies that Putin uses the courts for political ends, and the judge rejected Navalny's claim of political motivation.	Putin	Navalny	4
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Democrats are more likely to engage in voter fraud than Republicans. 	Mayor Rudy Giuliani	Democrats	3
Leaders from the minority Christian community in the Middle East have commended Donald Trump on his victory last week, saying they are hopeful the new American leader will strengthen and support the minority groups in Iraq and Syria victimized by the Islamic State ( ).	Christian	Donald Trump	0
When Trump was in Europe recently, he attacked the Germans for having a trade surplus.	Trump	Germans	3
Britain needs more time to figure out a solution on the post-Brexit Irish border and will not accept a deal at any cost from Brussels, Prime Minister Theresa May told her cabinet on Tuesday.	Irish	Minister Theresa May	3
Trump specifically seemed to refer to the Washington Post story that drove him to fire Flynn when he denounced “fake news” at CPAC.	Trump	Flynn	3
Italy's Antonio Tajani is likely to move to the larger industry post and Poland's Janusz Lewandowski will be in charge of the bloc's lucrative budget portfolio.	Antonio Tajani	Janusz Lewandowski	0
Most foreign powers have condemned Assad, who has relied on his allies to stay afloat, especially regional powerhouse Iran.	Assad	Iran	1
Kim reportedly spent much of his time abroad, and had become a vocal critic of the North Korean leadership in recent years.	Kim	North Korean	3
Saldana herself apparently dislikes Trump, judging by the praise she sent out in a tweet for Streep’s Golden Globes speech (which consisted entirely of ).	Saldana	Trump	3
 Her death was confirmed by her publicist, Ed Lozzi, to BuzzFeed News.	Ed Lozzi	BuzzFeed News	0
What I believe and what we believe is that every single American needs access to the kind of coverage that they want for themselves,” answered Price, suggesting that he supports gutting the Essential Health Benefits rule in favor of a system where people choose health coverage à la carte based on their individual needs. 	American	Price	0
Recently you criticized both the Republican Party and the Bush administration.	the Republican Party	Bush administration	0
A Canadian man is seeking compensation from United Airlines over claims that a scorpion dropped on his head — and later stung him — just as he was tucking into his lunch on a flight. 	Canadian man	United Airlines	0
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones, a Republican who is challenging Rep. Ami Bera ( ) renounced his support for Donald Trump on Saturday, and said that his defection from the GOP nominee “may cost me the election.	Scott Jones	Ami Bera	0
The company has also accused the plaintiffs, their legal team and their advisers of fraud in a U.S. court and the trial is scheduled to begin on October 15, 2013.The plaintiffs' legal team argues that Texaco's remediation efforts were insufficient.	U.S.	Texaco	3
 In a heated moment during his unconventional and combative news conference on Thursday, President Donald Trump’s command of the facts was openly challenged by a reporter who asked, “Why should Americans trust you?	President Donald Trump	Americans	0
Despite her advantages in experience, name recognition, political achievement and spending power, Clinton has evidently failed to knock Trump out of the race.	Clinton	Trump	0
Hey, Bernie Sanders, you might want to rethink all that praise of Scandinavian countries as socialist beacons.	Bernie Sanders	Scandinavian	1
Hillary Clinton is so sold out to special interests that she is willing to keep children trapped in failing schools in order to keep the teachers’ unions funding her campaign happy,” says RNC chairman Reince Priebus.	Hillary Clinton	Reince Priebus	4
China must offer concessions on intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, restricted access to Chinese markets and respect for international rules and norms, among other issues, he said.	China	Chinese	0
Herberts office called it offensive that the show wont even let Utah bid for future shows after so many years of support.	Herberts	Utah	1
The company’s CEO, Mark Bertolini, said Wednesday that Obamacare is failing. 	Mark Bertolini	Obamacare	3
A Belgium team overflowing with attacking talent and central defenders tries to patch up its flanks by converting once-promising attacking talent Yannick Carrasco into a wingback.	Belgium	Yannick Carrasco	0
Trump praised and joked around Monday with Duterte, who has overseen a bloody crackdown on the illegal drug trade that has featured extrajudicial killings, earning the Filipino leader the condemnation of human rights groups.	Trump	Duterte	1
Whatever Sanders does, expect Clinton to skip any criticism of her primary rival and focus her attacks on Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.	Sanders	Clinton	0
 The parents of the toddler who was killed by an alligator at Walt Disney World in Florida say they will always remember their sweet little boy.	Walt Disney World	Florida	0
The Musketeer defense held the ND starting guards to 18 points on 6-of-20 shooting, but theyll need to be even better against McCollum and McKnight.	McCollum	McKnight	0
Tulchin also said Sanders is “very popular” among independent voters who are “absolutely critical for Democrats to win the White House in November.	Tulchin	Sanders	0
Emporiki, 3 stuffed full of Greek bonds), the IIF clearly found its inspiration in the Brady Plan that was implemented in the 1980s-90s to face the debt crisis in 18 emerging countries (see below).	Greek	IIF	0
In an apparent bid to generate headlines, O’Rourke and Hurd are livestreaming the roughly 1, 600 mile trip on Facebook in what they have called a “cross country town hall.	O’Rourke	Hurd	0
A Senate committee recommended on Friday that Rousseff should be tried, which would suspend her from office for up to six months before a final decision that could strip her mandate. ”	Senate	Rousseff	0
In response, Sydney bonds together with seven dorks in order to try and bring down Rachel and her elitist and exclusive views.	Sydney	Rachel	3
Throughout the speech the House speaker managed to undermine Trump without speaking a word, employing subtle eye rolls or apparently ignoring him by reading papers to show her disapproval.	House	Trump	3
President Trump on Monday praised the Supreme Court on visitors from six nations.	President Trump	the Supreme Court	1
More, the Congressional Budget Office recently declared that over the next decade, Obamacare will cost almost twice as much as the original projection of $900 billion - which was what representatives agreed to when they voted for Obamacare in the first place.	the Congressional Budget Office	Obamacare	3
Anderson, the fast bowler who has quietly inherited the leadership of England's attack, remains so diffident before the media that he finds it harder to finish a sentence than finish a spell.	Anderson	England	0
The Red Cross has received approximately $7. 8 million in donations and pledges designated to support Louisiana 	The Red Cross	Louisiana	0
Reynolds was placed on the New Jersey sex offender registry stemming from his 2008 conviction.	Reynolds	New Jersey	0
In speeches, Gorsuch has criticized the complexity of the American legal code, arguing that there are so many criminal laws and they are so complicated that it can be hard for people to understand what is and isn’t a crime.	Gorsuch	American	3
With Democrats discussing health care in secret, they’re sacrificing the trust of the American people. ” 	Democrats	American	4
But when you get down to blaming George W. Bush for and saying we were lied into the Iraq War, you’re coming up against things most Republican partisans have invested a huge amount in not believing. 	George W. Bush	Republican	2
The conspiracy website Infowars, pointing to an unclear photograph, published a story this week suggesting that Clinton was wearing an earpiece so that someone could feed her answers during a live NBC presidential forum Wednesday night.	Infowars	Clinton	3
After the attack, Morgan was surprised by how calm she felt, and Anissa was equally surprised that she felt on the verge of “a total nervous breakdown.	Morgan	Anissa	0
Deputy DA Michael Matoba, who prosecuted the case, said Silva was still alive when her heart and lung were cut out of her body, according to KDVR.	Michael Matoba	Silva	0
Unilever Chief Executive Paul Polman is a leading advocate for the idea that there is a business case for sustainability even as his company's sales have slowed under the weight of a weak margarine business and slowing emerging market	Unilever	Paul Polman	0
Moscow’s peace drive started hopefully, with the first Astana meeting in January.	Moscow	Astana	0
His bill, SB 247, mandates pre-trip safety briefings on buses similar to those on planes, but Lara plans to add provisions adopting all of the NTSB safety recommendations.	Lara	NTSB	1
Republicans lawmakers in California have criticized Democrats for taking legislative action before Trump is even sworn in.	Republicans	Democrats	3
That being the case, if Mrs. Clinton really wants to know why she lost, she will not find the answer in any letter Jim Comey has ever written.	Clinton	Jim Comey	0
We do not believe that it is appropriate to attack the composition of the democratically elected government of an ally,” the British PM’s office said in a statement that surprised the State Department.	British	the State Department	0
 Monica Crowley, recently appointed by Donald Trump to a key national security communications job, said Monday that she would relinquish the post amid multiple allegations of plagiarism.	Monica Crowley	Donald Trump	0
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this story.	Associated Press	Eric Tucker	1
Though he was immersed in the political world of his day, Niebuhr’s insights were all rooted in the Christian tradition, and his eventual rejection of pacifism and socialism stemmed from his view of human nature as inherently sinful and imperfectible.	Niebuhr	Christian	1
This week, ITV became the sole owner of GMTV after acquiring the remaining stake from Disney  who perhaps found it too lobotomising next to the rest of their output  and a review into the operation was promptly launched.	ITV	GMTV	1
In Ukraine, where the prospect of joining the Russian-led customs union has contributed to mass protests against the government in the past three months, there has already been pressure on the hryvnia and the fact that a third of Ukraine's imports come from Russia may add to pressure for a devaluation.	Ukraine	Russian	3
A new report indicates that San Francisco has the lowest percentage of children of any major city in America.	San Francisco	America	0
In Europe and Canada this month, privacy advocates won a victory when Facebook launched its photo app, Moments, without facial recognition scanning.	Canada	Facebook	0
, Miller said she felt violated by his remarks, which were offensive, racist and hateful.But even Phillips three-month jail sentence has not put people off sending malicious messages and death threats	Miller	Phillips	3
The Dutchman promptly offered to help the US rethink its approach to water. 	Dutchman	US	0
I’d love to thank Malia in person,” says Joey.	Malia	Joey	2
Harper Lee, who wrote one of America’s most enduring literary classics, “	Harper Lee	America	0
In a speech Monday morning, Lew said these companies are eroding the U.S. tax base and shifting the burden of funding the government to other taxpayers.	Lew	U.S.	0
Frank Avila, a lawyer for the couple, told local media that Zwolinski started the fight and possibly put a stable in his own head for attention.	Frank Avila	Zwolinski	3
Trump has already made clear that he plans to attack Hillary from her left 	Trump	Hillary	3
President Jacques Chirac announced extraordinary security measures, which began Wednesday and are valid for a 12-day state of emergency, clearing the way for curfews after nearly two weeks of rioting that began in neglected and impoverished suburban neighborhoods with large Muslim communities.	President Jacques Chirac	Muslim	3
But when you get down to blaming George W. Bush for and saying we were lied into the Iraq War, you’re coming up against things most Republican partisans have invested a huge amount in not believing. 	George W. Bush	Republican	2
British MPs and MEPs enjoy a narrower immunity: they can speak freely in parliament without worrying about criminal charges or libel laws, but do not have the broad protection enjoyed by politicians in other EU countries.	British	EU	0
As a result, President Obama should consider bridging that gap and declassifying in the remaining days of his presidency some of the intelligence behind the following points from the US intelligence community	President Obama	US	0
Hasan also warned that the execution and crackdown could further radicalise Jamaat supporters against the secular government in the nation.	Hasan	Jamaat	0
Gingrich, says the New York Times, noted that Trump had “made a series of bewildering and irrational mistakes.	Gingrich	Trump	3
Its no wonder Donald Trump is supporting Walker Stapleton	Donald Trump	Walker Stapleton	1
After the initial attack, the Muslim militia set fire to two other churches in the area, the Apostolic and St Mathias Church, and also destroyed a local school.	Muslim	the Apostolic and St Mathias Church	0
s health, while others with an eye toward attracting and keeping good workers, have started offering the coverage to help LGBT patients conceive.We see a lot of variation between employers, and its extremely confusing to the consumer, said Dr. David Kaplan, a senior partner at Mercer.	David Kaplan	Mercer	0
Its not that Barack Obama is beyond criticism, or that Rudy Giuliani doesnt have the right to say whatever he wants.	Barack Obama	Rudy Giuliani	0
The NFL, in particular, has been criticized for its tax-exempt status recently after it revealed Commissioner Roger Goodell made $44 million last year.	NFL	Roger Goodell	0
In addition to the orders, Trump is also expected this week to sign an order to create an office of accountability in the Veterans Affairs department.	Trump	Veterans Affairs	0
More importantly, Trump fiercely criticize the Labor Department’s numbers as “phony” on the campaign trail, stating repeatedly that he believes that the U. S. unemployment rate is as high as 35 percent.	Trump	the Labor Department’s	3
In April 2011, shortly after Vincent C. Gray (D) became mayor, former HUD official John Hall took the helm of the housing department, with a $144 million annual budget and about 140 employees charged with using local and federal money to produce housing and revitalize neighborhoods.	Vincent C. Gray	John Hall	0
This article is from the archive of our partner .In case anyone had forgotten Iraq, Sunday's attacks killed 147 and demolished three important government offices, sending a stark reminder that America is still at war.	Iraq	America	3
He describes himself as a white advocate who aims to crush ... anti-white racism in U.S. institutions, and has called Hitler one of the greatest leaders in history.	U.S.	Hitler	0
Soon after the tape surfaced, several prominent Republicans in the state revoked their support for the GOP presidential nominee.	Republicans	GOP	0
Democrats have indicated they will only support the nomination of a candidate who is independent from the Trump administration.	Democrats	Trump administration	0
Trump has also directly praised Putin on several occasions.	Trump	Putin	1
"It came after a succession of speakers accused Hunt of ""denigrating the NHS"" and heavily criticising health professionals."	Hunt	NHS	3
A passenger went berserk aboard an American Airlines flight Thursday, attempting to take a bite out of a flight attendant, and then jumping off the plane onto the tarmac in North Carolina.	American Airlines	North Carolina	0
A U. S. government official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the case, said that Churkin had died of an apparent heart attack. 	U. S.	Churkin	0
Some Trump supporters walking into the area chanted, USA!	Trump	USA	3
Even on the stimulus, where they could have drawn Republican support in the immediate crisis, Obama rejected their input with his two-word 	Republican	Obama	0
 Two Munich train stations were evacuated Thursday due to an “imminent threat” of a terror attack just minutes before New Year’s celebrations were set to hit the German city.	Munich	German	0
Trump has repeated claims he saw “thousands and thousands” of Arab Americans in New Jersey cheering as the World Trade Center was toppled on .	Trump	Arab Americans	3
” Trump has made good in recent days on his occasional threats to make Bill Clinton’s infidelities a central focus of his campaign, allegations he has intermittently cited on the campaign trail when accused by critics of using demeaning language while talking about women.	Trump	Bill Clinton’s	3
The character is now a television news producer, so Ms. Zellweger also trailed a British producer for research.	Zellweger	British	0
"The vetoed resolution condemned Yassin's death and called for a ""complete cessation of extrajudicial executions.""It also condemned ""all terrorist attacks against any civilians as well as all acts of violence and destruction.""However, it did not mention any militant groups by name -- a traditional U.S. demand."	Yassin	U.S.	0
Kaine, however, gradually found his footing and scored points when he attacked Trump.	Kaine	Trump	3
Ms. Umar was arrested in Turkey while on holiday, after criticising the Turkish government’s clampdown on dissenting voices and criticism from the press in an article.	Umar	Turkish	3
But Britain is still waiting for this response to include a comprehensive public enquiry into Britains Libya war of 2011 and what has followed from this.	Britain	Britains Libya	3
The Upper House will be asked today to support the Opposition's push to block a multi-million dollar budget allocation for Forestry Tasmania.	The Upper House	Opposition	0
The US government immediately criticized Jammeh’s call for fresh elections. 	US	Jammeh	3
Howe had written that the election of Johnson might trigger a mass exodus of older African-Caribbean migrants back to the West Indies.	Howe	Johnson	3
But the Texas Municipal League, which provides support services and lobbies on behalf of cities, is pushing for legislative action that reverses Abbott’s decision.	the Texas Municipal League	Abbott	0
To move out from the bottom of the pack, Chafee must issue a clarion call to those Ron Paul supporters who were attracted to him for his foreign policy platform.	Chafee	Ron Paul	0
But while the government and international leaders strongly supported the deal, many Colombians were frustrated that it would allow FARC fighters to avoid war crimes prosecution.	Colombians	FARC	3
” Clinton robotically says what Trump did for his workers and businesses is “nothing to brag about” and “shameful.	Clinton	Trump	3
As of Monday, U. S. citizens who travel to Cuba will no longer be limited to bringing back goods worth up to $400 	U. S.	Cuba	0
Vernon Roche is the man responsible for capturing Geralt and has a major role in the game.	Vernon Roche	Geralt	0
An organized White House, with a new “ window,” could exert its muscle to ensure that the most cherished policies of Republican elites would see active and early legislation.  	White House	Republican	0
While there is no doubt that Kristen Stewart's recent comment was offensive to rape victims, her statement does bring up a different controversy all together, Davis said.	Kristen Stewart's	Davis	4
To be sure, several Republican senators in tough reelection bid, particularly in states, have struggled with the Trump endorsement.	Republican	Trump	3
As the Los Angeles Times reports, Blackwaters head, who inherited a large automotive parts business based in Holland, Michigan:has donated $230,000 to federal campaigns and causes in the last decade.	the Los Angeles Times	Blackwaters	0
The Bulldogs scored zero points on three drives that started on Southern Miss' side of the field  including one that began just four yards from the end	Bulldogs	Southern Miss'	0
"Democrats have pounced on these projections to blame the GOP for ""marketplace sabotage."	Democrats	GOP	3
”  Russia even started a major international row with India in 2012 when a court examined whether The As It Is, a Hare Krishna text, should be banned as extremist.	Russia	India	0
A month earlier, in April 2016, however, Anthem had established a separate, highly confidential team to work on integration planning without Cigna’s participation, according to the DOJ complaint.	Anthem	Cigna	0
An Irish national who visited the country told The Independent that he was told “constantly that the smallest thing was considered a hostile attack.	Irish	The Independent	0
Malhotra manages the day-to-day operation of CNN Films, and works directly with filmmakers to develop original projects.	Malhotra	CNN Films	0
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) released a similar statement applauding Obama.	Bernie Sanders	Obama	1
When actress Meryl Streep made her speech attacking Donald J. Trump at the Golden Globes on January 8, she also made a plea to join in support of a group few people have heard of 	Meryl Streep	Donald J. Trump	3
Because Obama has steadily eroded trust in American institutions.	Obama	American	0
Even as they lick their wounds from a failed Affordable Care Act repeal effort, Republican leaders in Washington are looking ahead to the next battle 	Republican	Washington	0
Foster’s death sparked years of from Clinton’s opponents about whether the facts behind his death were covered up to hide financial misbehavior.	Foster	Clinton	0
Many Sanders supporters have expressed anger and disappointment over his decision to endorse Clinton	Sanders	Clinton	1
 In the same way that Pinterest, with its recipes and bespoke home decorating ideas, fills some people with a creeping sense of despair that they lead an inadequate life, Apple advertisements and keynote demos have always made me feel terrible about myself.	Pinterest	Apple	0
Well, Boeing has published a ad, praising Trump for his magnificent first 100 Days.  	Boeing	Trump	1
The report singles out the Muslim Council of Britain for criticism, as the MCB is linked to several of the mosques that distribute this literature.	the Muslim Council of Britain Council	MCB	0
Since Duterte took office on June 30, he has been scathing about U. S. criticism of his campaign, in which about 2, 300 people have been killed.	Duterte	U. S.	3
Shkreli also said the media had not emphasized enough that the prosecution’s first witness, Sarah Hassan, an investor in one of his hedge funds, had made a significant profit.	Shkreli	Sarah Hassan	0
The mediocre animated comedy The Secret Lives of Pets is based on an original idea by Chris Meledandri, the head of Illumination Entertainment, the studio responsible for the Despicable Me movies and their popular spinoff Minions.	Chris Meledandri	Illumination Entertainment	0
Raymond Pettibon (born Raymond Ginn in 1957, Tucson, Arizona) is an American contemporary artist with Estonian roots, finding himself at the forefront of the international contemporary art arena.	Raymond Pettibon	Raymond Ginn	0
Russia launches airstrikes in support of Assad's troops, who are on the back foot.	Russia	Assad	1
Cuba has avoided criticizing Trump since he took office on Friday and media downplayed Saturday	Cuba	Trump	0
Luckily, director Michael Lehmann seems to think so, too, having recently poured cold water on original star Winona Ryder's repeated suggestions that a followup was in the offing to the body-strewn tale that briefly made a leering Christian Slater resemble a sort of bratpack	Michael Lehmann	Winona Ryder	3
What makes Careys arguments silly and irresponsible is the pretence that the British government might ever accept significant numbers of any refugees at all.	Careys	British	0
Rights group Amnesty International has said it had received credible evidence of detainees being subjected to beatings and torture, including rape, since the coup attempt accusations roundly rejected by Turkish officials and the justice ministry.	Amnesty International	Turkish	3
A week after a gunman killed 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub, the suspected assailant remains at large and secular Turks are feeling under attack.	Istanbul	Turks	0
Trump has since spoken to Russian President Vladimir Putin, whom he has praised in the past.	Trump	Vladimir Putin	1
Trump has selected Betsy DeVos, a longtime Republican activist and advocate for expanding school vouchers, for the job 	Trump	Betsy DeVos	0
Throughout the campaign, Donald Trump regularly criticized President Barack Obama and his administration for not using the term ”radical Islamic terrorism” when describing incidents of terrorism.	Donald Trump	Barack Obama	3
Gerald Ambrose, who was also charged Tuesday, was Earley’s successor.	Gerald Ambrose	Earley	0
Republicans largely support this stance but at the same time they don’t want a public enraged by degraded national parks or another Flint water crisis, for example. 	Republicans	Flint	0
"Senate Democrats are ready to fight for a public option -- if the White House gives up now, it would be a tragic mistake,"" said an e-mail to the group's membership."	Senate Democrats	the White House	3
On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Huffington Post Senior Politics Editor Sam Stein stated, “you look at the destruction of the Democratic Party under Barack Obama’s leadership and you have to wonder 	Sam Stein	Barack Obama’s	3
"In his critique, Greenberg asked RR to ""explain what about your methodology produces"" results for party identification that he considered at odds with other national polls."	Greenberg	RR	0
Republican lawmakers, who are working on new legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, praised the order as showing Trump’s commitment to gutting the program and lowering steep healthcare costs they blame on the law.	Republican	Trump	0
French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday leveled a remarkable criticism of two Russian media outlets 	French President Emmanuel Macron	Russian	3
Mayor de Blasio says all New Yorkers must change their lifestyle to curb carbon emissions 	Mayor de Blasio	all New Yorkers	0
The deals for seats on Boeing's top-selling 737 show initial market acceptance and would allow LIFT to begin certification and production, the source said.	Boeing	LIFT	1
I could not believe that Susan Collins went out of the way to diss the president,” added Brian Kilmeade.	Susan Collins	Brian Kilmeade	4
The government has put the death toll at about 10,000.The International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrants for Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir and other officials on charges of war crimes in Darfur.	International Criminal Court	President Omar Hassan al-Bashir	3
After almost eight years of relative normalcy in marital relations between the Obamas, Americans are about to see a whole new level of weirdness in the White House.	Obamas	Americans	0
Here’s a roundup of where elected GOP officials stand on their party’s presumptive nominee: Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) endorsed Trump at the end of February, defending the businessman’s promise to ”fix illegal immigration.	Jeff Sessions	Trump	1
Avenatti responded predictably when liberals began attacking him over it yesterday, crying FAKE NEWS and demanding that Time reporter Molly Ball provide the full context.	Avenatti	Molly Ball	0
Marco Rubio attacked Donald Trump on a report that he hired foreign workers over Americans at Thursday’s CNN debate, prompting Trump to bark back, ”You’ve hired nobody.	Marco Rubio	Donald Trump	3
The arrival, to US hospitals, of forms of bacteria can be so extremely resistant to treatment that, in the case of a Nevada woman last year, 26 different antibacterial drugs failed to save her life.	US	Nevada woman	0
The NBA could show sympathy in clearing him sooner than later considering the new CBA, which starts next year, may have cleared him of wrongdoing.	NBA	CBA	0
Throughout the April 19 Australian press conference, the journalists and politicians tacitly recognized the problems created by the immigration of Islamic adherents who bring their peculiar institutions and values which endorse domestic violence against women, child marriage,	Australian	Islamic	0
Benson thinks Bush would not have tossed wine lovers this bone were he not supportive of direct shipping in general.	Benson	Bush	3
It is probably typical of José Mourinho, arguably the most prolific in the business, that his riposte to Roy Keane	José Mourinho	Roy Keane	0
In an event that may very well be the spark to the outbreak of Europe’s civil war, a young, beautiful social worker, Alexandra Mezher, 22, was brutally stabbed to death by Muslim migrants at the child migrant centre where she worked.	Alexandra Mezher	Muslim	4
England paid the price for those early misses when Perisic showed great determination to get in front of Kyle Walker to meet a curling Sime Vrsaljko cross and though his boot was arguably high, Walker was stooping and there were few complaints.	Perisic	Kyle Walker	1
Now I see that everything has hit a dead end.After Mondays cross-party evening talks, a senior lawmaker in Poroshenkos faction accused the reformist Samopomich party of killing off the chances of a technocrat cabinet to tackle financial problems and the blight of corruption.	Poroshenkos	Samopomich	3
A Stanford law professor started a recall effort to remove Aaron Persky from the bench, and thousands of people have signed an online petition against him.	Stanford	Aaron Persky	0
In a video collaboration between CNN’s “State of the Union” and FactCheck.	CNN	FactCheck	0
China's communist leaders still praise Karl Marx, although they now shy away from his economic theories.	China	Karl Marx	1
That Social Security numbers are so broadly used and often so poorly protected is a major cause of the current epidemic of identity theft,” said Alessandro Acquisti, a computer scientist and privacy expert at Carnegie Mellon University.	Social Security	Alessandro Acquisti	4
However, leading Hispanic groups said that it was too late for Mr. Trump to win their trust on immigration reform.	Hispanic	Trump	3
Clinton also released an ad Thursday arguing ”there’s a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump”:	Clinton	Donald Trump	0
Indiana man faces #murder charge in 1973 cold case killing of Washington Park, Illinois infant.	Indiana man	Washington Park	0
Indeed, just before the attack, Malik had been using her social media to announce her love of jihad and to pledge her undying devotion to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr .	Malik	Abu Bakr	1
Sisis support base see him as a vote for stability following prolonged, violent upheaval in the years after the 2011 Egyptian revolt against Hosni Mubarak.	Sisis	Egyptian	0
Most restaurants close their doors for Christmas day, but one is leaving their’s wide open: Shish Restaurant in southeast London.	Shish Restaurant	London	0
Roger Ailes, the CEO and chairman of Fox News, is stepping down from his role.	Roger Ailes	Fox News	0
Leavenworth after being convicted by a military tribunal for violating the Espionage Act, thanked former President Barack Obama. 	Leavenworth	Barack Obama	1
In addition, King & Spalding partner Bobby Burchfield is serving as the ethics adviser for the trust set up in January to isolate the president from the operations of Trump businesses.	Bobby Burchfield	Trump	0
In the aftermath of its failure, Erdogan has led a brutal and widespread crackdown targeting those suspected of supporting Gulen.	Erdogan	Gulen	3
Toomeys gamble  separating himself from his party and Trump  is drawing help from unlikely quarters for a Republican once endorsed by the National Rifle Association.	Toomeys	Trump	0
"Accepting the award on stage, Silverman cheekily thanked ""the person for whom this whole video was made, Jimmy Kimmel, who broke my heart, ooh, ooh, who'll always have a place in my heart.""For a second straight year, Griffin's Bravo cable network series, ""Kathy Griffin:"	Silverman	Jimmy Kimmel	1
President Trump seems resigned to the expectation that China will be of no help in resolving the North Korea challenge.	President Trump	China	0
Kirk previously announced that he is no longer supporting Donald Trump — the first Republican to rescind his backing.	Kirk	Donald Trump	3
Tea Party leader expels racist Mark Williams But Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell won't denounce him.	Mark Williams	Mitch McConnell	0
The house speaker, Paul Ryan, endorsed Trump’s decision to advance the pipeline projects.	Paul Ryan	Trump	1
The Taliban quickly claimed responsibility for downing the plane, but NATO said later the claims were false, and there was no sign of insurgent activity in the area at the time of the crash.	Taliban	NATO	4
 A college professor found himself in hot water after likening the Black Lives Matter movement to the racism of the Klu Klux Klan.	Black Lives Matter	the Klu Klux Klan	0
When some members of Congress look at the practices of U. S. airlines, they aren’t just lawmakers eyeing an industry.	Congress	U. S.	0
A former SS sergeant who worked unnoticed for decades as a train-station manager was charged with 58 counts of murder Tuesday after a student doing undergraduate research uncovered his alleged involvement in a massacre of Jewish forced laborers.	SS	Jewish	0
David Goodhart is one of the commentators on British politics. 	David Goodhart	British	0
"Lowell has represented to the committee now that he has reviewed those emails on the private account, and there are no responsive emails to the committee's request,"" he told Business Insider."	Lowell	Business Insider	0
An alternative Islamic State propaganda channel said the Caliphate had not yet claimed the attack as one of their own, but they were celebrating victory regardless as “everything hurting infidels makes us happy.	Islamic State	Caliphate	0
But Bell and her team found a direct correlation between casualties from exploded ordinance and areas with the heaviest ground fighting in recent years, and concluded that the majority of casualties were the result of military remnants from the conflict that began with the U. S. invasion in 2001.	Bell	U. S.	0
Denzel Washington and Viola Davis appear in fiery form in the first trailer for Fences, reprising their Tony performances from August Wilson’s play of the same name. 	Denzel Washington	Viola Davis	0
Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager rejected Donald Trump’s claim Friday that the campaign was responsible for the ”birther” movement.	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump’s	3
 Lawyers for first lady Melania Trump claim an article in the Daily Mail has harmed her ability to earn millions from “a term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world.	Melania Trump	the Daily Mail	0
Trump also accused Clinton of not being “loyal” to her husband.	Trump	Clinton	3
Larry Sabato, a political science professor at the University of Virginia, said at this stage it is critical for Obama to emerge with a victory on healthcare because he has spent so much time on it this	Larry Sabato	Obama	0
Mrs. Clinton was also not matching Mr. Obama’s support among black voters.	Clinton	Obama	0
Greenberg has some harsh criticism for it, Ayres quickly responded.	Greenberg	Ayres	0
 If Hillary Clinton is elected this fall, it will mark an unusual third straight defeat in presidential elections for Republicans and a historically unprecedented loss of the popular vote in six elections out of seven.	Hillary Clinton	Republicans	0
Last month dozens of Kenyan troops were killed when attacked an African Union base in southwest Somalia.	Kenyan	African Union	0
 Technology companies could face civil penalties for refusing to comply with court orders to help investigators access encrypted data under draft legislation nearing completion in the U. S. Senate, sources familiar with continuing discussions told Reuters on Wednesday. 	the U. S. Senate	Reuters	0
Nike has led on reducing emissions and waste, but Puma is also improving its efforts by publishing an eco profit-and-loss account.	Nike	Puma	0
Mr. Nunes repeatedly declined to offer any details about the source of what he characterized as “dozens” of classified intelligence reports, which Mr. Schiff accused him of viewing in a “ excursion.	Nunes	Schiff	4
Hiru said angered over not getting the money, Absar's men carried out the attack.	Hiru	Absar	3
Thursday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh called Bill O’Reilly’s departure from the Fox News Channel a “campaign,” and not a “natural” event. 	Rush Limbaugh	Bill O’Reilly’s	3
And Wade Michael Page, a with ties to and groups, killed six and wounded four in a 2012 shooting attack on a Sikh temple.	Wade Michael Page	Sikh	0
And as Kaepernick publicly aligns himself with the movement for black lives, the backlash mirrors the kind of criticism activists face constantly and that shapes the way Americans talk about racism today. 	Kaepernick	Americans	0
These people who see their incentive to work full-time disappear entirely are disproportionately likely to be women (Reihan commented on this issue when the original CBO report came out) and to be earning less than 250 percent of the federal poverty line.	Reihan	CBO	0
A Google car struck a municipal bus in Mountain View, Calif. in a minor crash on Feb. 14, and the technology company said it bears ”some responsibility” for the incident in what may be the first crash that was the fault of the vehicle.	Google	Mountain View	0
 Insatiable does not remotely condone fat-shaming any more than Morriss show condoned paedophilia (something plenty accused it of).	Insatiable	Morriss	0
The Australian Medical Association says the situation reflects the underfunded Medicare system, which they say is failing patients and doctors.	The Australian Medical Association	Medicare	3
Amid mounting disagreements between European governments over an EU arms embargo on Syria, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said France and Britain are ready to arm Syrian rebels without unanimous EU support.	European	French	0
The party’s leader in the lower house, Aguinaldo Ribeiro, told reporters in Brasilia the majority of his party supported impeachment. 	Aguinaldo Ribeiro	Brasilia	0
Tanzania banned the export of raw minerals in March 2017, introduced tough laws and hit Acacia with a $190 billion tax charge.	Tanzania	Acacia	3
Disgraced Arizona congressional candidate and GOP sheriff Paul Babeu is facing yet another round of unseemly charges.	GOP	Paul Babeu	0
"Donovan wrote that the IRS funding levels would undermine ""the fairness and integrity of the tax system in ways that would increase burdens on taxpayers, including by increasing the deficit."	Donovan	IRS	3
Swiss citizens have been outraged by the decision of a school board to allow Muslim pupils to refuse to shake hands with their teachers.	Swiss	Muslim	0
European countries are attempting to stem migration flows by providing more aid to African countries that agree to readmit deported asylum seekers.	European	African	0
Mr. Sessions, an Alabama conservative, was denied a federal judgeship by the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 because of racially charged comments.	Sessions	the Senate Judiciary Committee	4
ShopStyle no longer lists any Ivanka Trump products, after having had as many as 1, 500 results to a search of its site as recently as .	ShopStyle	Ivanka Trump	0
Cruz is just trying to criticize his opponent Marco Rubio, who supported regime change in Libya.	Cruz	Marco Rubio	3
"McConnell said something publicly, but it should have started a long time ago,"" Reid added."	McConnell	Reid	4
The Times also praised Clinton’’s ability to ”reach across the aisle,” despite her ”political scars.	Times	Clinton	1
Trump praised Saccone saying he knows things other people dont know and bashed the Democratic candidate as Lamb the Sham.	Trump	Saccone	1
Britain’s establishment media today attacked the leader of the UK Independence Party at the organisation’s manifesto launch, implying and insisting that they were “exploiting” the terrorist attack in Manchester for “partisan” gain.	Britain	the UK Independence Party	0
From author T. A. Frank, an liberal, in the pages of Vanity Fair: We’ve reached a strange place.	T. A. Frank	Vanity Fair	0
Sean Hannity beat Megyn Kelly in the cable ratings during September, says TheWrap. com.	Sean Hannity	Megyn Kelly	0
China is the worlds biggest consumer and producer of lithium products, Tilk said.	China	Tilk	0
Tuesday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Democratic National Committee chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) speculated on how her party will ultimately select its presidential nominee. 	CNN	Democratic National Committee	0
Pedals, a beloved American black bear who walked upright and strolled around the suburbs of New Jersey like	American	New Jersey	0
Top seed Angelique Kerber advanced to the fourth round at the Miami Open on Sunday but eighth seed Madison Keys was sent packing.	Angelique Kerber	Madison Keys	0
France said on Tuesday there was no doubt Irans intelligence ministry was behind a June plot to attack an exiled opposition group	France	Irans	3
Mr. Flynn was forced out in February after it emerged that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the calls.	Flynn	Mike Pence	0
The Harris County district attorney’s office has charged Allison with felony injury to a child.	Harris County	Allison	3
Ms. Flowers, in recently broadcast interviews, has accused Mrs. Clinton of being an “enabler” and has said the scandal is a relevant issue in 2016.	Flowers	Clinton	3
President Barack Obama has strongly endorsed Clinton and promised to campaign with his former secretary of state.	Barack Obama	Clinton	1
A Venezuelan judge accused Machado of threatening to kill him.	Venezuelan	Machado	3
US President Barack Obama harshly criticized the entire slate of Republican presidential candidates during on Tuesday afternoon.	President Barack Obama	Republican	3
, Shays has endorsed Hillary Clinton.	Shays	Hillary Clinton	1
In a speech in December last year, Watson  a supporter of the Hacked Off campaign  accused the press of operating like a mafia, intimidating here, bribing there, terminating careers when it suits them and rewarding their most loyal toadies.He also scorned the regulator, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, set up by publishers.	Watson	the Independent Press Standards Organisation	3
Pence, more often playing defense, spoke at a more measured clip, needled Clinton, let some attacks go by, and at one point even uttered a Reaganesque	Pence	Clinton	3
Barry Bonds is coming back to the San Francisco Giants as a special adviser.	Barry Bonds	the San Francisco Giants	0
It’s absolutely absurd to thank David Letterman for all he’s done in a tweet,” said Conan O’Brien.	David Letterman	Conan O’Brien	0
"Telstra would have no idea just how bad things were in the copper pits, Murphy added.""Workers and contractors are now so frustrated with what they're working in, and without being given the adequate responsibility to be able to fix it appropriately, they're not reporting"	Telstra	Murphy	4
 Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lashed out at U. S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and other ”disloyal” Republicans on Tuesday and vowed to campaign in whatever style he wants now that the party establishment has largely abandoned him.	Donald Trump	Paul Ryan	3
A CNN investigation found that the NCAA has failed to open investigations in several cases where safety rules allegedly were broken.	CNN	NCAA	3
Woods also described his respect for Nicklaus’s achievements.	Woods	Nicklaus	0
Trump’s standing in the GOP primary didn’t falter, and McCain has since endorsed him for president.	Trump	McCain	2
"Passing sentence, Judge Andrew McDowall told Dodgeon: ""The worst punishment you can have is one that will last for the rest of your conscious life - the knowledge that because of the possession of these drugs and your failure to keep them secure from teenage experimentation has resulted in a death."	Andrew McDowall	Dodgeon	3
Visibly shaking in a and gray jail uniform, Ms. Salman stood in court Tuesday and, in a barely audible voice, told Magistrate Judge Donna M. Ryu, who had to ask her to speak up, that she understood the charges against her.	Salman	Donna M. Ryu	4
The Washington political establishment has ways of dealing with invading rebel armies like the one led by Donald Trump.	Washington	Donald Trump	0
The Finns did have to return to the original border that existed before the German invasion of Russia, and pay an indemnity.	Finns	German	0
’ Today saw the debut of ”,” a new social experiment in playing the stock market airing on Twitch, Amazon’’s live video game streaming service.	Twitch	Amazon	0
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) on Thursday accused the Supreme Court’s conservative Chief Justice John Roberts of being the ”tip of the spear in playing politics,” arguing the high court ”deserves to be swept up into the political process.	Greg Abbott	John Roberts	3
’’ ’ mogul Donald Trump just embraced his threat to boycott the Fox News primary debate on Thursday.	Donald Trump	Fox News	3
For the past two months, during her weekly appointment with Gard, shes started to feel stronger and less pain, and is grateful for the clinic because she doesnt have to miss work to drive to appointments.We have ridiculously good benefits, said Dankner, and Im taking advantage of this one.	Gard	Dankner	2
Late Monday, the Malaysian foreign minister, Anifah Aman, responded to Mr. Kang’s charges, saying they were based on “delusions, lies and .	Anifah Aman	Kang	3
Judge Chang would conclude that Aumann had been incompetent and negligent and that he had “failed to make a reasonable inquiry.	Chang	Aumann	3
 The Senate on Monday voted down four competing gun control proposals, allowing Democrats and Republicans to stake out political turf around a controversial, emotional issue that promises to play big in a campaign year.	Democrats	Republicans	0
Earlier this year, Manafort filed a civil complaint against Muellers office alleging the special counsel exceeded his authority by bringing charges that were not connected to the 2016	Manafort	Muellers	0
Islamic State on Sunday claimed responsibility for the London attack.	Islamic State	London	4
The Taliban's one-eyed spiritual leader, who has a $10 million price on his head for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden after the September 11 attacks, signed a letter explicitly endorsing the truce announced this month.	Taliban	Osama bin Laden	3
Abbas, as a result, turned to world supporters, initiating ever more ridiculous moves that enrage Israelis 	Abbas	Israelis	0
Thus, Democratic reformers have attacked efforts like Scott Walker’s Act 10 to narrow the scope of collective bargaining and rejected vouchers, which would allow private schools to serve more students.	Democratic	Scott Walker’s	3
"Joe Giudice says that Joe Gorga was the aggressor, and often starts trouble because he's ""insecure."	Joe Giudice	Joe Gorga	3
Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Thursday went on a tear against Republican presidential rival Donald Trump for his ongoing attacks against his wife, saying Trump has an issue with women. ?	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
Although the brief data loss caused some delays in processing IG inquiries, the recovery allows the service to move forward with minimal impact,” said the Air Force, in its statement Wednesday.	IG	the Air Force	0
Bani Walid's tribal elders, who were among Gaddafi's staunchest supporters, last week gave their permission for opposition forces to enter the town, but say they are powerless to overcome the loyalist units within.	Bani Walid's	Gaddafi	1
No way will we ever support Cruz,’” said a foreign conservative operative familiar with the establishment Republican donor and activist world.	Cruz	Republican	4
Tony Romo might very well have thrown his last meaningful pass for the Cowboys. 	Tony Romo	Cowboys	0
Johnson was a surprise pick, and some Republicans have questioned whether he is qualified to lead the massive federal agency created in the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack.	Johnson	Republicans	4
Kristaps Porzingis won’t meet new Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek until late June when he returns from Latvia, but he already is a big believer in the new coach.	Kristaps Porzingis	Jeff Hornacek	1
 For ”Star Wars” collectors, this weekend’s fan convention in Orlando, Florida, is a event.	Orlando	Florida	0
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Wednesday that he is actually ”not fine” when it comes to health insurance costs, despite the fact that as a federal employee his benefits are provided by a comprehensive government program.	White House	secretary Sean Spicer	0
"And crocodile ranger Gary Linder agreed telling ABC: ""Thank God crocodiles eat plenty of fish."	Gary Linder	ABC	0
Hillary Clinton presented herself as a nurturing mother and grandmother trying to help women who are crying out for government support at a campaign stop in Haverford, Pennsylvania.	Hillary Clinton	Haverford	0
Following the Hess announcement of spending cuts, traders said they expected similar steps from other U. S. producers. 	Hess	U. S.	0
”Donald Trump has said he will approach financing the US government as if it’s one of his failing casinos.	Donald Trump	US	0
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who was recently banned from holding public office for 15 years without cause, called for protests to fight the government’s military plan designed to silence opposition, promising that they “will not rest until Venezuela returns to constitutional order.	Henrique Capriles	Venezuela	3
The outburst from the witness stand by one of the five, aspiring actress Chelan Lasha, prompted the defense to request a mistrial, but Judge Steven ONeill refused.	Chelan Lasha	Steven ONeill	4
The way the Japanese planes were coming in, when they dropped bombs, they’d drop them and then circle back,” said Leavelle, a Navy Storekeeper Second Class at the time of the attack.	Japanese	Leavelle	0
” Putin has recently been praised by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has also appeared to incite Russia to hack into and publish his opponent	Putin	Donald Trump	2
In November 2008 the German bank took the unusual step of suing Trump after he failed to repay $40m of a $640m real estate loan.	German	Trump	0
Trump has loudly celebrated black people (to be clear, not all potential Clinton supporters, just black people) who didn’t vote, since their votes likely would not have been for him.	Trump	Clinton	0
Mel B has won sole custody of her youngest daughter and a temporary restraining order against her estranged husband Stephen Belafonte, whom she claims subjected her to years of abuse. 	Mel B	Stephen Belafonte	3
American trust in its government has dropped to record lows, with both Trump and Clinton woefully unpopular among a huge swathe of citizens.	Trump	Clinton	0
Hubbard originally faced 23 charges, all of which accused the Alabama Republican of using his office to enrich himself and others.	Hubbard	Republican	3
The official said Tuesday that some of the ISIS fighters may have already made their way into Turkey, but many are still in Syria.	ISIS	Turkey	0
A terrorist who is planning to attack the UK might attack the United States if his plan is thwarted.	UK	the United States	0
Close to 50 years after interracial marriages became legal across the U. S. the share of newlyweds married to a spouse of a different race or ethnicity has increased more than five times — from 3 percent in 1967, to 17 percent in 2015, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center.	the U. S.	the Pew Research Center	0
Trevor Graham, the track coach who was banned from the sport for life for his role in the BALCO doping scandal, used the to the Olympics to offer scathing criticism of the worldwide movement. 	Trevor Graham	BALCO	0
"McAdoo has said that the bulk of play-calling work is done in the week of preparation leading into a game.""My job is to do everything I can from a preparation standpoint to get our offensive unit ready from the practices and meetings and so forth,"" Sullivan said."	McAdoo	Sullivan	0
Although other experts remain skeptical of a Russian role, the hacking incident has caused alarm within the Clinton campaign and also in the national security arena.	Russian	Clinton	0
 The Environmental Protection Agency accused Fiat Chrysler on Thursday of installing software that enables certain diesel trucks to emit far more pollutants than emissions laws allow.	The Environmental Protection Agency	Fiat Chrysler	3
Last week, the House Energy and Commerce Committee s subcommittee on health held hearings on four pieces of legislation, three of which involving tweaks to Obamacare insurers have long recommended.	the House Energy and Commerce Committee s	Obamacare	0
But a Syrian Foreign Ministry official accused Saudi Arabia of trying to undermine the cessation of hostilities agreement by saying there would be a ”Plan B” if it failed.	Syrian Foreign Ministry	Saudi Arabia	3
In a rare formal vote, 27 of the EU’s 28 governments supported Tusk.	EU	Tusk	1
When it reached critical mass, and enough Republicans backed it publicly or privately, a group of members approached Boehner to inform him they had enough votes to remove him from the Speakership.	Republicans	Boehner	3
 Democrat Jon Ossoff narrowly failed to clinch an outright victory Tuesday in the Georgia Sixth District special election.	Democrat Jon Ossoff	Georgia Sixth District	0
Meryl Streep continued her criticism of President Donald Trump, defended her Golden Globes acceptance speech and vowed to “stand up” against “brownshirts” and “trolls” during her acceptance speech Saturday night at the Human Rights Campaign’s annual New York City dinner gala.	Meryl Streep	Donald Trump	3
Then, in February 2008, Obama was starting to quickly pick up superdelegates, while Clinton had started to lose some to his side.	Obama	Clinton	0
Washington Gas Light Company argued that the higher heat content of the LNG caused a 16-fold increase in leaks to its pipeline in Prince George's County, Maryland, in the two years after the company began receiving natural gas from Cove Point.	Washington Gas Light Company	Prince George's County	0
The United States should not be in the business of regime change, but the Assad clique and its backers must be brought to account before it is too late.	The United States	Assad	0
The Latino community could not take this quietly, with actors and singers taking to the virtual streets to denounce Trump. 	Latino	Trump	0
Always more political than his early public image suggested, Michael played a free gig for NHS nurses to thank them for caring for his mother, and supported causes including the striking miners, Palestine and the homeless.	Michael	NHS	1
, Pressler has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.	Pressler	Hillary Clinton	1
This is looking promising.10:50 Hello and welcome to Day 4 where England will resume on 109-4 with Hales and the nightwatchman Finn at the crease.	Hales	Finn	0
Harper Lee, the author of the classic novel To Kill a Mockingbird, has died in her hometown of Monroeville,	Harper Lee	Monroeville	0
Warren then produced the information herself, saying that Stumpf held an average of 6. 75 million shares in the company in that time frame 	Warren	Stumpf	0
Mr. Bonds was the first athlete in the history of the state track meet history to break 14 seconds in the high hurdles.He could do just about anything on the athletic field, Riverside businessman and longtime athletic supporter Nick Tavaglione said.	Bonds	Nick Tavaglione	2
Her brother, Declan, provided The Post with a statement Friday that Bannon had provided “emotional or financial support” to help her recover from drug addiction and depression.	Declan	Bannon	0
Scott McLean of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said, explaining that crews gave up attacking the flames and instead helped people get out alive.	Scott McLean	the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection	0
He was 28.So far, so John Grisham, except that Schilling is no freedom fighter championing unpopular environmental causes.	John Grisham	Schilling	0
For his part, Dean has been critical about anyone taking the DNC gig as a job.	Dean	DNC	3
Biden awkwardly stood as Obama delivered a lengthy speech praising his Vice President, wiping away tears.	Biden	Obama	2
Guardian science blogger Jessica Bland has worked closely with a team at the innovation charity Nesta to support the Longitude Committee.	Jessica Bland	Nesta	1
NAYWolf, the editor of RedState, has been a prominent Trump critic.	NAYWolf	Trump	3
Trump also cut into Clinton’s edge on managing foreign policy (50% said they trusted her more, down from 57% ).	Trump	Clinton	0
Finally, thanks to his feckless impotence, Obama will bequeath to Trump a world ablaze, largely thanks to radical Islamic terrorism.	Obama	Trump	0
 The US Justice Department has used a federal hate crimes law for the first time to bring criminal charges against someone for targeting a victim on the basis of gender identity, according to documents unsealed on Wednesday by a federal court in Mississippi.	The US Justice Department	Mississippi	0
But, unlike those others, which only caused tiny blips on the radar of average media consumers, the Jacobs body slam appears to have hurled the American public into a new realm of incivility.	Jacobs	American	0
They say: I have a job, I must support my family.With this situation replicated in hundreds of cities across the Middle East, Dairi says the harm done to vast numbers of Syrian children  some of whom have spent half a decade out of school  is by now irreversible.	Dairi	Syrian	1
His attorney Paul Liggieri, charges the firehouse tried to cover up the 2015 incident and that the city Department of Investigation failed to properly investigate the criminal act.	Paul Liggieri	the city Department of Investigation	3
Bochy said Cain could handle the assignment but noted that Johnson has more experience pitching on short rest.Obviously, we wouldnt do it unless hes 100 percent, Bochy said.	Bochy	Cain	0
But Trump does have options that can start the process of rebuilding an international quarantine against Iranian terror and punishing the regime for its illegal missile tests.  	Trump	Iranian	3
FilesLOS ANGELES British actor Benedict Cumberbatch says a letter from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange asking him not to do a movie about the emergence of the anti-secrecy website affected his portrayal of him in the upcoming film	Benedict Cumberbatch	Julian Assange	3
Trump has advocated for a “ ” for Syrians to ride out the conflict.	Trump	Syrians	0
Trump has often strongly condemned the Iraq invasion. 	Trump	Iraq	3
Trump also expects to receive a major new financial contribution from the gulf states to what the United States considers its costly defense of these countries and the fight against the Islamic State.	Trump	the Islamic State	3
"Sekouba Bambino, ""Simontena"" Guinea Sekouba is one of Guinea's most famous and respected singers"	Sekouba Bambino	Guinea	1
 Growing up in the 1980s, Brian Brown was taught to think of the communist Soviet Union as a dark and evil place.	Brian Brown	Soviet Union	0
” Spicer also welcomed Republicans who opposed Trump during the campaign to work with the new administration and put past differences aside.	Spicer	Trump	3
Several media outlets reported that Sutherland is accused of headbutting fashion designer Jack McCollough at a Monday night party after an annual costume gala held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art.	Sutherland	Jack McCollough	3
China’s foreign ministry blamed the joint U. S. Korea military exercises 	China	U. S. Korea	0
On Nov. 17, the platoon commander, Kurtz, accompanied the squad, reinforced with a team and Afghan soldiers, on a mission deep into Taliban turf.	Kurtz	Afghan	0
and then we fouled.Nick Collison said he did not think Westbrook caused the defeat.	Nick Collison	Westbrook	0
The festival will also feature sessions on the new BBC director general, the Olympics, the communications bill green paper, TV piracy and the implications of Scottish independence on the TV landscape, plus the annual channel of the year awards.	BBC	Scottish	0
Results of a new U. S. Forest Service aerial survey revealed that, since 2010, more than 102 million trees have died in a 7. 7 million acre swath of California forest land, and the culprit is drought.	U. S. Forest Service	California	0
The Q20, available before the end of the year, will have a traditional BlackBerry layout, aimed squarely at the companys original core business and government customers, Chen said.	BlackBerry	Chen	0
Priorities USA, a Super PAC supporting Obama, raised just $2 million in February, half of that from a single donor, comedian and talk show host Bill Maher.	Obama	Bill Maher	2
In recent weeks Rubio had become more aggressive in attacking Trump.	Rubio	Trump	3
Oddly, in early January, Senator Charles Schumer had essentially warned Trump that he would pay for his criticism of career intelligence officials.	Charles Schumer	Trump	3
Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday during a visit to Mexico that he felt ”almost obliged to apologize” for the rhetoric coming from certain presidential candidates this election cycle.	President Joe Biden	Mexico	1
That subordinate, Deputy Assistant Administrator Joseph Salvator, recommended that Hoggan receive bonuses.	Joseph Salvator	Hoggan	1
Donald Trump’s visit to an African American church in Detroit brought both cheers and protests Saturday 	Donald Trump’s	African American	0
But over time, Democrats and independents started growing less supportive of the use of spanking, while Republicans continued to support it strongly. 	Democrats	Republicans	0
Separately, George Soros, the billionaire who bet against the pound in 1992, said a vote to leave would trigger a bigger, more disruptive devaluation in Britain’s currency than the fall on Black Wednesday.	George Soros	Britain	0
Bruno added that there was a samba for every taste and Carrie Ann complimented each couple.	Bruno	Carrie Ann	0
About 47 percent of Trump supporters said they backed him primarily because they don’t want Clinton to win.	Trump	Clinton	0
Still, according to the former senior Democratic official, at least some party members are looking at the League condemning Ellison and privately saying that the is “a distraction we don’t need,” fearing a new chair who would come in “with a significant amount of controversy around them.	Democratic	Ellison	0
Bob Gates also reportedly recommended Rex Tillerson.	Bob Gates	Rex Tillerson	1
 China said on Friday tension over North Korea had to be stopped from reaching an ”irreversible and unmanageable stage” as a U. S. aircraft carrier group steamed toward the region amid fears the North may conduct a sixth nuclear weapons test.	China	North Korea	0
Sigourney Weaver spoke in support of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the party’s national convention in Philadelphia on Wednesday, where she discussed her “deep concern” about climate change while introducing a warning video directed by James Cameron.	Sigourney Weaver	Hillary Clinton	1
I wouldn't be surprised if Steven Gerrard calls it a day after this World Cup, but I can't blame him for Uruguay's second goal.	Steven Gerrard	Uruguay	3
Russia will respond to any ”hostile steps” that the US may take in response to allegations of hacking during the 2016 election, according to the official representative for the ministry. 	Russia	US	0
Partway through the interview, host Kristen Welker asked Greenwald a question using the lifeblood phrase of cable news provocation: critics say.	Kristen Welker	Greenwald	0
Throughout the campaign, Donald Trump regularly criticized President Barack Obama and his administration for not using the term ”radical Islamic terrorism” when describing incidents of terrorism.	Donald Trump	Barack Obama	3
Johnson firmly rejected polls that suggested Trump enjoyed support from just one percent of the black community, with, at most, seven or eight percent undecided.	Johnson	Trump	0
In an email to supporters at the time, Hanna blamed the National Rifle Association and other hunting groups for his ouster.	Hanna	the National Rifle Association	3
In a hard fought second ballot, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson’s pragmatic message secured the Presidential nomination of the Libertarian Party with the support of 55 percent of the delegates.	Governor Gary Johnson	the Libertarian Party	0
 New Zealand emergency services and defense personnel evacuated hundreds of tourists and residents from a small South Island town amid more strong aftershocks on Tuesday, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people.	New Zealand	South Island	0
 A consortium of global and domestic funds, backed by investors including China Investment Corp, agreed to buy Australia’s busiest port for a A$9. 7 billion ($7. 3 billion) a sign that tough equity markets are helping fuel appetite for infrastructure.	China Investment Corp	Australia	0
The United States recently charged five Chinese military officers, accusing them of hacking into American companies to steal trade secrets.	Chinese	American	4
 The White House launched a rhetorical fusillade against its close ally and neighbor on Tuesday, accusing Canada of “rough” trade practices that have hurt American workers and farmers.	The White House	American	0
"The encounter pushed Guzman deeper into Mexico's notorious ""Golden Triangle"", where the bulk of the country's opium and marijuana are produced, limiting his communications and cutting down his security detail to a small core."	Guzman	Mexico	0
Donald Trump responded to a jab Marcio Rubio has made about the size of Trump’s hands a line widely interpreted to be a reference to Trump’s manhood by promising that when it comes to the size of ”something else,” he guarantees ”there is no problem.	Donald Trump	Marcio Rubio	4
A prominent contributor to The Wall Street Journal opinion pages, he helped lead an attack by conservatives of the Federal Reserve’s aggressive program in 2010.	The Wall Street Journal	the Federal Reserve’s	0
Cutts said that Google monitors spam regardless of whether sites use Google Ads or not, and when it kicks a site out of Google's search results it also removes it from the advertising program.	Cutts	Google	1
I dont know if this country is ready but I think its a discussion we have to start thinking about.It marked Trumps most explicit public statements on the topic although he previously praised Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte who is leading a campaign of alleged extrajudicial killings against drug dealers and users.	Trumps	Rodrigo Duterte	1
The owners of Brooklyn’s famed Peter Luger steakhouse want to stick a fork in a rival restaurant owned by an they say is illegally trading on the reputation of their eatery.	Brooklyn	Peter Luger	0
At a campaign stop on Sunday, Bill Clinton rebuked Sanders supporters for using sexist rhetoric in criticizing his wife online.	Bill Clinton	Sanders	3
Piers Morgan sharply criticized Meryl Streep’s Trump Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech at the Golden Globes Sunday night, calling it “hypocritical” and “the worst performance of her career.	Piers Morgan	Meryl Streep’s Trump	3
Arsène Wenger has sacrificed his life during his long tenure at Arsenal to the extent that he says it has been akin to joining the priesthood.	Arsène Wenger	Arsenal	0
"when the specific details of their accusations will be made public.""Quite simply, Cook should have been terminated long ago - not been allowed to retire,"" McOmber said in a statement when asked about the retirement.""This is unquestionably too little and too late."	Cook	McOmber	4
Fox News on Monday denied that top host Sean Hannity is negotiating his own departure from the network after former Bill Shine resigned amid accusations that he helped cover up sexual harassment at the company.	Sean Hannity	Bill Shine	0
Trump once criticized President Barack Obama	Trump	Barack Obama	3
The company’s CEO, Mark Bertolini, said Wednesday that Obamacare is failing. 	Mark Bertolini	Obamacare	3
Center Nerlens Noel (upper respiratory infection) and guard Tony Wroten (family emergency) did not play.	Nerlens Noel	Tony Wroten	0
Two years ago, for example, the Obama administration accused Russia of violating another bedrock security agreement by testing a prohibited cruise missile.	Obama administration	Russia	3
The task has left Cummings battered by Issa and conservative pundits who have accused him of trying to shield White House illegalities.	Cummings	Issa	4
The result: while the U.S. has had a slow but sustained recovery, Britain had a double dip recession.	U.S.	Britain	0
However, according to Politico, Rep. Adam Kinzinger ( ) is still not supporting Trump.	Adam Kinzinger	Trump	3
Sandler looked moved as he was greeted with a cheer by Cannes reporters and thanked Baumbach for an “amazing script”.	Sandler	Baumbach	1
The Obama administration wisely answered that some of America’s response will be visible, and some of it won’t.	The Obama administration administration	America	0
Nehlen has attacked Ryan for his longstanding support for the donor class’s open borders immigration agenda.	Nehlen	Ryan	3
Trump’s public call for the supposed perpetrators’ hides, no matter the proof of guilt or innocence, mimics the rituals of Southern lynchings.	Trump	Southern	0
Judge Pryor initially supported Judge Moore but wound up leading the prosecution that led to his ouster from the bench.	Pryor	Moore	0
"For example, the United Kingdom prefers to provide ""basket funding"" or core support, investing in developing country health systems overall and pooling funds with other European countries where there are overlaps in programs."	the United Kingdom	European	0
Sadly, Governor Rick Snyder and some of our other elected officials are attacking Michiganders with dangerous laws that would weaken our families, suppress our voice and divide us all.	Governor Rick Snyder	Michiganders	3
Two days after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Rob Walker wrote that Americans valued convenience over thoroughness when it came to airport security.	Rob Walker	Americans	3
Partial transcript as follows: One of the things Castro took was hope, and as long as his regime is in charge, what it births is hopelessness, and as it regards Kaepernick, I’m not going to call that guy names.	Castro	Kaepernick	0
After a long and search, the US Army has chosen Sig Sauer to produce its next generation of handgun, eventually replacing the current standard issue sidearm, the Beretta M9 pistol.	the US Army	Sig Sauer	0
The future of the Veneto banks had hung in the balance over the past two years since the ECB uncovered a capital hole caused by a spike in bad loans and a scandal whereby the banks’ customers were sold shares in exchange for loans.	Veneto	ECB	0
John Sterling hasn’t missed a Yankees game since he started broadcasting the team back in 1989.	John Sterling	Yankees	1
Jeremy Boreing, executive director of the original Friends of Abe, told the Guardian that a disgruntled former member, David Cole, had tricked other members by hijacking the name and mimicking events.	Jeremy Boreing	David Cole	3
Not a clue.” Michael Bloomberg, ”I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a million dollar check from my father,” said the billionaire former New York City mayor, knocking Donald Trump.	Michael Bloomberg	Donald Trump	3
Over the course of Reed plumbs the threads he thinks will lead to an explanation for what happened; he examines everything from the way clocks are gilded and the history of sundials to the incorporation of John’s small town in the ’90s and the fallout of many of his closest personal relationships. 	Reed	John	0
where District Attorney Kevin Steele, during his 2015 election campaign, had been critical of one of his predecessors for not prosecuting Cosby.	Kevin Steele	Cosby	3
The New York Police Department (NYPD) is being sued by a privacy group for failing to disclose information about a “secretive” facial recognition program.	The New York Police Department Police	NYPD	0
The second use of the term is equally hypocritical insomuch as that a Muslim arrested on terrorism charges is never considered to be of allegedly Islamic character.	Muslim	Islamic	4
Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued former President Barack Obama	Rush Limbaugh	Barack Obama	0
In canceling the talks, top Trump administration officials seem to have overruled State Department officials, who supported the talks, one of the people who planned to attend said.	Trump administration	State Department	3
But critics, including three UN rapporteurs, have accused the Modi government of aggressively using the legislation to target human rights, environmental and other groups whose advocacy clashes with its agenda.	UN	Modi	3
The kidnapping and continued attacks in the region have raised questions about the extent of the Nigerian governments claims to have virtually defeated Boko Haram.	Nigerian	Boko Haram	0
How Sanders supporters can revolutionize the Democratic Party 	Sanders	the Democratic Party	0
President Trump began his press conference Thursday afternoon naming his new nominee for labor secretary, R. Alexander Acosta.	Trump	R. Alexander Acosta	0
2016But even when Jenkins is on the bench watching the Giants offense try to put points on the board, the competition will be just as, if not even more, intense.	Jenkins	Giants	0
Dogan officials declined to answer questions about the Trump Towers deal.	Dogan	Trump Towers	0
The singed remains of an old fridge dumped on the side of a street are the only sign of an outbreak of violence that erupted after protests in El Valle, a gritty neighbourhood in Caracas.	El Valle	Caracas	0
(Of course, being Ted Cruz, he blew it all by denouncing Trump in the most damaging way and then endorsing him at the worst possible time.)	Ted Cruz	Trump	3
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared April Confederate Heritage Month on a website, following a path similar to other states’ in the past.	Mississippi	Phil Bryant	0
UPDATED: Jan. 29, 2016, 2:59 PM ET, WASHINGTON (AP) 	WASHINGTON	AP	0
Accusations of bigotry, On Wednesday, Trump flatly labeled Clinton a ”bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.	Trump	Clinton	3
New York AG Eric Schneiderman on Saturday afternoon thanked Bharara for his hard work.	Eric Schneiderman	Bharara	1
We even called an APC on getting some democratic burden-share on this, but the PPP remains alone in fighting for rights protections.	APC	PPP	0
’”Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd on Sunday confronted Donald Trump about his shifting positions on proposals.	Chuck Todd	Donald Trump	3
Famous for his at times controversial outbursts, Murdoch wasted little time in criticizing Cameron's coalition government in a series of messages sent via the Twitter website on Saturday.	Murdoch	Cameron	3
 The U. S. dollar fell below 108 yen for the first time in 17 months on Thursday on continued expectations the Bank of Japan was unlikely to intervene, while the euro fell against the dollar on the potential for a more dovish European Central Bank. 	the Bank of Japan	European Central Bank	0
Trump is making good on Republican campaign promises to get government out of the business of student lending, and recently lifted limits on fees debt collectors can charge some defaulted borrowers.	Trump	Republican	1
One senior Afghan security official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence, said there was some doubt about whether the pocket of Islamic fighters in the east had the capacity or the networks to pull off such terrorist attacks.	Afghan	Islamic	0
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accused Fethullah Gulen, who currently lives in Pennsylvania, of being behind the coup and demanded the U. S. hand him over, though the exiled cleric has denied any involvement. 	Recep Tayyip Erdogan	Fethullah Gulen	3
Republicans have focused on attacking the Fed's extensive easy money policies, saying the central bank has failed to revive the economy despite cutting interest rates to near zero and buying $2.3 trillion in bonds.	Republicans	Fed	3
With so many Trump supporters viewing the entire system as corrupt, “you could very well see a fractured Republican Party.	Trump	Republican Party	0
Some Hollywood figures, notably Jon Voight, support Trump but it is unclear if any will take the opportunity to defend him on Sunday.	Jon Voight	Trump	1
A Catholic priest has called for Christians to take a stand against Islamic terror, arguing that pacifism in the face of mortal danger is immoral and .	Catholic	Christians	0
In essence, Trump would be accusing China’s government of artificially suppressing the value of its currency, the yuan, to give it an edge in the global market. 	Trump	China	3
The Washington, D.C.-based organization released a report applauding California for setting stricter standards on the herbicide.	Washington	California	1
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) released a similar statement applauding Obama.	Bernie Sanders	Obama	1
Even worse, “Tricky Dick” started sweating under the heat of the Chicago studio lights, forcing him to pull out a handkerchief to wipe his face.	Tricky Dick	Chicago	0
Of the 712 Democratic superdelegates, 449 (or about 63 percent) currently support Clinton, according to the latest Associated Press survey of superdelegates.	Democratic	Clinton	0
When John McCain ran for president in 2000, he adopted Granny D’s cause as his own, tapping into a groundswell of anxiety about special interests in Washington riding a reform message all the way to a smashing win over George W. Bush in that year	John McCain	Granny D’s	1
Three of New York’s congressional Democrats slapped back at the Twitter bombs ( . ).	New York’s	Democrats	0
’’ ’ magnate Donald Trump suggested on Saturday that he was partially responsible for the US prisoner swap with Iran that was .	Donald Trump	US	0
The Moroccan statement said the North African kingdom supported the political transition in Burkina Faso and congratulated its people on the historical last phase of the country	Moroccan	North African	1
Eoin Morgan produced a brilliant knock in Pretoria Ireland secured a berth at the 2011 World Cup by defeating the Netherlands by six wickets in Wednesday's qualifier in Pretoria.	Eoin Morgan	Pretoria Ireland	1
Biden awkwardly stood as Obama delivered a lengthy speech praising his Vice President, wiping away tears.	Biden	Obama	2
Canadian Natural Resources CNQ.TO was down C$1.83, or 1.8 percent, at C$102.10, and Imperial Oil IMO.TO gave up C$1.14, or 1.9 percent, to C$59.28.Financials provided the benchmark with some support, rallying back from three days of declines as investors looked for bargains.	Canadian Natural Resources CNQ.TO	Imperial Oil IMO.TO	0
As a result, the Gorsuch nomination will largely be a proxy fight over the legitimacy of the Senate’s rejection of the Garland nomination.	Gorsuch	Garland	0
Kirk has criticized Duckworth for being the subject of a lawsuit alleging workplace retaliation while she oversaw the state veterans agency.	Kirk	Duckworth	3
In the early 1920s, before he became an icon of the American songbook, composer Cole Porter wrote the score for a protest ballet.	American	Cole Porter	0
In a GQ story last summer, you recalled how the great film critic Elvis Mitchell told you that making one depressing film after another was bound towait for it	GQ	Elvis Mitchell	0
FilltheKettle.com.The Fill the Kettle program will provide yet another way for the public toget behind the Christmas campaign and support our social service work in morethan 400 communities across Canada, said commissioner William Francis.	Fill the Kettle	William Francis	2
Emory University in Atlanta is under siege at this hour from a Donald Trump supporter who caused a massive outbreak of among frightened students.	Emory University	Donald Trump	0
 As House Republicans proudly passed their bill on Thursday, Democrats trolled them — hard.	Republicans	Democrats	0
A policy setting new minimum heating values for lignite, currently at the draft stage, would benefit Australian miners who produce low-ash coal of high calorific value, and threaten the export prospects of Indonesia's low-ranked coal miners.	Australian	Indonesia	0
Marine Le Pen and her National Front enjoyed the most supportive environment any European extremist party has seen since the war 	Marine Le Pen	European	0
A Texas high school tutor is facing a charge of possession of child pornography after exchanging lewd selfies with a minor while sending “Batman and Robin” sexting messages.	Texas	Batman	0
On Friday, Flynn again denied the story but within hours had revised his account, telling the Post through a spokesman that he “couldn’t be certain that the topic never came up”.	Flynn	Post	0
After a two-year cease-fire between the Turkish government and the PKK ended last summer, Turkey launched a string of attacks against the PKK, which it views as a terrorist organisation.	Turkish	PKK	3
Analysts argue that Tibet, which Chinese troops marched into in 1950, has never enjoyed much international support even when it launched a failed uprising against Chinese rule in 1959, prompting the flight of its spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama.	Tibet	Chinese	3
Many Sanders supporters have expressed anger and disappointment over his decision to endorse Clinton	Sanders	Clinton	1
Chris, please attack Ted.	Chris	Ted	0
Alibaba’s revenue for the quarter ending December is projected to grow at 26. 6 percent, according to a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate survey of 28 analysts, which would be the slowest rate since the company started publishing such data years ago.	Alibaba	Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate	0
Neiman did not believe that Simpson could be charged again with murder if the knife is linked to the killings, citing double jeopardy.	Neiman	Simpson	0
U. S. officials have said that the author of the document is a respected former spy who has helped the FBI on unrelated cases.	U. S.	FBI	0
Rasoul, a radio operator, stood in a narrow street in east Mosul a mile from the frontline, peering into the early morning light as the armoured truck packed with explosives crawled towards him. 	Rasoul	Mosul	0
"said the Warwick solar farm would offer a range of further research and teaching opportunities.""It will leverage UQ's existing clean energy strengths and provide the potential to venture into emerging research and industry partnerships,"" Professor Hoj said."	Warwick	UQ	2
LeBron James fired all his bullets at Charles Barkley, and each one bounced right off.	LeBron James	Charles Barkley	0
Theresa May said she was appalled by reports of the attack and called for an investigation by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.	Theresa May	the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons	0
But Damascus accuses its neighbors, particularly Turkey, of allowing weapons smuggling across the border to its opponents.	Damascus	Turkey	3
Since North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory last week signed rushed legislation that keeps local governments from passing measures that protect gay and transgender individuals, pressure from businesses has only increased.	North Carolina	Pat McCrory	3
And if the companies’ response to this blatant political of their supposedly free enterprises is any indication, Trump has read Detroit right.	Trump	Detroit	0
Acclaimed as one of the world's great statesmen, Mandela died in 2013 at the age of 95.Mandela always denied that he had ever been a Communist.	Mandela	Communist	3
Islamist militant group Ajnad Misr claimed that attack.	Islamist	Ajnad Misr	2
As NPR’s Alice Fordham reported on Friday, it’s easy to find reasons why the U. S. and Russian plan could fail.	Alice Fordham	Russian	0
 Hillary Clinton threw grassroots liberals a bone on Thursday by declaring Elizabeth Warren ”qualified” to be her vice president.	Hillary Clinton	Elizabeth Warren	1
” Clinton also appeared to try to bring her party together by saying she’s wiling to ”take into account” what Sanders is asking for at the party’s national convention in July.	Clinton	Sanders	0
And while Ya’alon is no leftist, he has just anointed himself one of Israel’s most prominent critics of the country’s rightward drift.	Ya’alon	Israel	0
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy is stripping King of his committee assignments after King expressed support for white supremacy and white nationalism.	Kevin McCarthy	King	3
 A leading U. S. bank regulator on Friday reversed course and positioned the agency to claw back pay of former executives at Wells Fargo & Co after a scandal.	U. S.	Wells Fargo & Co	0
Fatima, 19, said she had fled El Salvador after gang members killed her husband, an apprentice auto mechanic, and threatened her, too.	Fatima	El Salvador	0
In response, Trump repeatedly said during the campaign that he intends to cede control of his business to his three adult children, Donald Jr. Ivanka, and Eric, although, as has been previously noted, doing so would barely even create the appearance of a blind trust given how his children are close advisers, members of his transition team, and, well, his children.	Trump	Donald Jr. Ivanka	0
Powell had written that Clinton spoils anything she touches with “hubris,” and complained that she was blaming him for setting a precedent of using a private email account while in government.	Powell	Clinton	3
On the other hand, the United States attacked a pharmaceutical factory called Al-Shifa (The Cure) near Khartoum in 1998 and razed it to the ground.	the United States	Khartoum	3
The U. S. government formally accused Russia on Friday of hacking Democratic Party organizations ahead of the presidential election.	U. S.	Russia	3
 Planned Parenthood has identified Sen. Kelly Ayotte as its first target in the 2016 Senate races when Democrats hope to regain control of the chamber.	Kelly Ayotte	Democrats	0
 Hillary Clinton’s running mate will be Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, who is exactly the person it seemed she would choose a month ago (or a year ago or, really, four years ago).	Hillary Clinton’s	Tim Kaine	0
Colorado is among the top five sheep-producing states, usually fluctuating between the third and fifth spots, said Monell, who was in the sheep business his entire career.	Colorado	Monell	2
Remarkably, Trump has managed to separate himself from the political establishment that he has been underwriting for years by rhetorically attacking Washington’s infatuation with illegal aliens.	Trump	Washington	3
The fact that Tehran’s stance has not torpedoed the convening of the meeting suggests fellow producers may be prepared to tolerate a rise in Iran’s output, provided there is no new price rout.	Tehran	Iran	0
But as a general who remains on active duty, McMaster still needs Senate approval to take a new assignment and retain his current rank.	McMaster	Senate	0
But House Democrats are fretting that they’ll be accused by the National Republican Congressional Committee, the GOP’s campaign arm, of cutting health care to seniors.	House Democrats	the National Republican Congressional Committee	4
 The Tunisian man who plowed his truck through crowds in Nice had researched the route ahead of the attack that killed at least 84 people and injured scores of others as they were celebrating Bastille Day, according to French media reports.	Tunisian man	French	0
Donald Trump has praised Putin. 	Donald Trump	Putin	1
The increasingly bitter war of words between Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is forcing supporters of both presidential contenders to choose a side.	Donald Trump	Ted Cruz	0
Minnesota state Senator Jeff Hayden ( ) is pushing legislation to designate $200, 000 in taxpayer funds as annual gifts to gun control groups.	Minnesota	Senator Jeff Hayden	0
"Last month, a federal judge criticized the NSA's metadata counter-terrorism program, saying that he could not imagine a more ""indiscriminate"" and ""arbitrary invasion.""The Obama administration on Friday appealed that court's ruling: that the NSA's gathering of Americans' telephone records was probably unconstitutional."	Obama administration	Americans	0
Mattis, who disagreed with the plan, offered his resignation after failing to convince Trump to reverse course on the pullout.	Mattis	Trump	3
If there is nothing found in the data seized from bin Ladens compound that implicates Pakistani leadership, it seems likely the mutual rancor will subside.	bin Ladens	Pakistani	0
”Everyone at CBS owes his thanks to Sumner for everything he has done for this company,” said Moonves, also thanking Shari Redstone, who is vice chair of CBS.	Sumner	Moonves	2
In late 2014, a series of incidents involving goat heads turning up in Brooklyn’s Prospect Park, including one in which two heads were tied together and flung over a streetlamp pole like a pair of sneakers, sparked a frenzy of accusations that Santeria was behind the mysterious disposals.	Brooklyn	Santeria	3
According to the settlement, Wells Fargo ”admits, acknowledges, and accepts responsibility” for having from 2001 to 2008 falsely certified that many of its home loans qualified for Federal Housing Administration insurance.	Wells Fargo	Federal Housing Administration Administration	0
An unprecedented U. S. agreement that came into effect on Saturday has slowed the pace of the war, but rebels fighting President Bashar say the government has kept up attacks on strategically important frontlines.	U. S.	President Bashar	0
The goal was no less than Tottenham deserved for a dominant opening half in which they boasted 62 per cent of possession against an Everton side who retreated into a defensive shell in an attempt to stem the glut of 20 goals they have conceded at Goodison Park.	Tottenham	Everton	0
President Barack Obama praises Colin Kaepernick’s decision not to stand for the the national anthem at football games, saying that the 49ers quarterback is protesting “real legitimate issues.	Barack Obama	Colin Kaepernick’s	1
Watchdog groups filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission accusing the NRA and the Trump campaign of illegally coordinating ads to influence the 2016 election.	the Federal Election Commission	NRA	3
The lack of action has grated on a cadre of Republican moderates, who moved last months to force votes on several immigration bills  including bipartisan measures that would easily pass with mostly Democratic support.	Republican	Democratic	0
The negotiations have consumed diplomatic capital when the EU faces real challenges in the form of a stagnating economy (thank the euro for that) and a migrant crisis (thank you, Mrs. Merkel).	EU	Merkel	0
Standing next to a photo of his parents, Takano said: It does not take courage to condemn such disgraceful comments (like Bowers) nor does it take it take wisdom to say our World War II policies were a product of fear and hysteria.What takes wisdom is recognizing that history is now repeating itself.	Takano	Bowers	3
"While the government is recommending a ""no"" vote, Varoufakis noted ""the high possibility that the Greek people will vote against the advice of the Greek government.""What would happen in that case -- whether Greece would have to leave the euro or try to renegotiate with creditors -- is unclear."	Varoufakis	Greek	0
Ryan has repeatedly ruled out the possibility of curbing Muslim migration and has frequently chastised his party’s presumptive nominee for advocating policies to reduce immigration.	Ryan	Muslim	1
Co-producer Saralena Weinfield told People magazine that the documentary makers were unsure at first what to do with the footage and the telephone recording.We didnt want to exploit him.	Saralena Weinfield	People	0
But unlike ”Moana,” which took care to find individuals with authentic Polynesian heritage for its major roles, the producers of ”Ghost” chose to cast summer staple Scarlett Johansson as its unambiguously Japanese protagonist.	Polynesian	Scarlett Johansson	0
July 12 Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) endorses Hillary Clinton for president. 	Bernie Sanders	Hillary Clinton	1
Outside support, Ossoff never mentioned Trump by name in his remarks, but in just a few short months, his campaign has become one of the primary vehicles for resistance to the president.	Ossoff	Trump	3
His hedge fund, Dune Capital, was also one of the investors that acquired failed lender IndyMac in 2009 for $1. 6 billion.	Dune Capital	IndyMac	0
Trump’s attack was discreet, designed to punish Syria for using chemical weapons by attacking the airport from which an attack was believed to have been launched.	Trump	Syria	3
"Riona remembered: ""After my husband left me in hospital, my friend, Sarah, became my next of kin, it was her and the children that supported me during my recovery.""Looking back"	Riona	Sarah	1
The rookies, acquired in the Ubaldo Jimenez deal, held the Dodgers scoreless in their starts.	Ubaldo Jimenez	Dodgers	0
Mrs. Clinton, though, has tried to avoid directly provoking Mr. Trump, relying instead on outside groups like the super PAC to carry out direct attacks.	Clinton	Trump	3
Ms. Martinez has also withheld her endorsement, a slight that evidently prompted Mr. Trump to attack her performance in office last week.	Martinez	Trump	4
Kissinger: I respect John Kerry for his courage and persistence.	Kissinger	John Kerry	1
And for the past two years, Russian hackers operating at the behest of, or directly for, the state have had a string of successes against foreign targets, even testing the limits of the American doctrine that destructive hacking attacks could be considered acts of war.	Russian	American	0
 After one online gun seller pulled his listing, George Zimmerman has found a new website on which he plans to auction the gun he said he used to kill Trayvon Martin.	George Zimmerman	Trayvon Martin	3
When Trump said Monday in a meeting with congressional leaders that millions of undocumented immigrants had voted in the election for Hillary Clinton and cost him the popular vote, it wasn’t the first time he’d made such a claim. 	Trump	Hillary Clinton	3
Ryan even testified on her behalf when she was nominated for the district court, saying: ”Our politics may differ, but my praise for Ketanji’s intellect, for her character, for her integrity is unequivocal.	Ryan	Ketanji	1
Martinez was slapped with a discrimination suit last week by the agency’s chief communications officer, Erin Johnson, accusing him of an “unending stream of racist and sexist comments, as well as unwanted touching.	Martinez	Erin Johnson	4
(YDN) journalists have struggled to interact with advocates on campus since the paper ran an article about accusations that a fraternity discriminated against people of color with the headline “SAE denies charges of racism.	YDN	SAE	3
 Jake Schick was hurled from his vehicle after hitting an IED in Iraq in 2004.	Jake Schick	Iraq	0
Chinese President Xi Jinping rejected the decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, which is likely to have lasting implications for the hot spot, which sees $5 trillion worth of shipborne trade pass through each year. 	Chinese President Xi Jinping	the Permanent Court of Arbitration	0
Tim Wass, chief officer of the RSPCA inspectorate, said the cause was everything to do with the economics about owning a pet from paying for food to veterinary bills.It	Tim Wass	RSPCA	0
Zimmerman has not been charged in the slaying, which has outraged Martin's family, civil rights activists and those following the case.	Zimmerman	Martin	4
 Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is confident that the close bonds between Israel and the U. S. will continue regardless of who wins November’s presidential election.	Israeli	Minister Ehud Barak	0
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, offered an unexpectedly blunt view of Mr. Trump’s failings and left open the possibility of rescinding his endorsement.	Mitch McConnell	Trump	3
In the end, all seven Republicans on the panel supported Grays hostile amendment.	Republicans	Grays	1
He believes Iraq will be a failed state, a nation of militias, said Salam al-Maliki, a prominent sheikh in the former prime ministers tribe.	Iraq	Salam al-Maliki	4
And Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer echoed Antetokounmpo's pride in the Bucks roster, as he insisted his players currently get the ultimate respect from other athletes and coaches in the NBA.	Mike Budenholzer	Antetokounmpo	1
Conservative Christians didn’t trust Trump.	Christians	Trump	3
At a press conference last year, de Blasio effusively praised Wiltshire for raising the graduation rate from 42 percent to 50 percent.	de Blasio	Wiltshire	1
Felix Bowness, passionate about horse-racing in real life, was ex-jockey Fred Quilley in charge of Maplins riding school.	Felix Bowness	Fred Quilley	0
Clinton also touted the success of the auto industry bailout, arguing that Trump would have allowed it to fail.	Clinton	Trump	3
By seizing the city, Turkey would plant its firmest foothold yet in Syria.	Turkey	Syria	0
But a reckless tweet posted by Dallas police this time around, during last week’s fog of war, led to an innocent armed man getting countless death threats: For more on Chief Brown, check out the piece Chris Haugh wrote for us over the weekend, “	Brown	Chris Haugh	0
Felecia Sanders the mother who saw her son die Wednesday night recalled how she and the others welcomed Roof into the Bible study. 	Felecia Sanders	Roof	1
The university’s chancellor, Nicholas B. Dirks, praised Mr. Steele for his “lasting impact” on the university, citing his work in dealing with the university’s finances and and “improving the campus climate” with regard to racial diversity.	Nicholas B. Dirks	Steele	1
The two Apple executives said they felt in good company, noting that Trump has faulted many other groups and individuals.	Apple	Trump	3
A vocal protester caused a major scene at a Tim Kaine rally, yelling out that Bill Clinton was a rapist.	Tim Kaine	Bill Clinton	3
But before most of the victims had even been identified, Iranian leaders issued statements blaming the Saudis for the accident. 	Iranian	Saudis	3
U. S. helicopter gunships supported Iraqi ground forces battling ISIS militants in military sources said, an action that brings U. S. troops closer to combat.	Iraqi	ISIS	0
 Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lashed out at U. S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and other ”disloyal” Republicans on Tuesday and vowed to campaign in whatever style he wants now that the party establishment has largely abandoned him.	Donald Trump	Paul Ryan	3
Recently declassified NSA documents show a worrying lack of attention to digital security at the National Security Agency.	NSA	the National Security Agency	0
President Salva Kiir appeared on television on Monday in military fatigues saying forces loyal to former vice president Riek Machar, whom he sacked in July, had attacked an army base in a bid to seize power.	Salva Kiir	Riek Machar	3
As Republicans charged ahead, both sides seemed cognizant of the possible fallout from unwinding the law, which has become deeply enmeshed with America’s health care system and has provided insurance for about 20 million people.	Republicans	America	0
That means agreeing upfront measures to meaningfully lighten Greeces debt burden, which must be put on a sustainable path, European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Pierre Moscovici said.	European	Pierre Moscovici	0
The indictments are the latest twist in a dispute that began in after Mye Brindle resigned following more than a decade as housekeeper and then personal assistant for Joe Rogers Jr. head of the Norcross, Ga. restaurant chain.	Mye Brindle	Joe Rogers Jr.	3
Clinton has also signaled increased regulation of fracking to prevent water and air pollution, continued support for the Obama administration’s efforts to curb carbon output that would pressure fuels like coal, and a tougher approach to infrastructure permitting.	Clinton	Obama	1
In a statement, Kelly said Hicks had become a trusted adviser and counselor, but behind the scenes the pair had occasionally clashed over her more informal role.	Kelly	Hicks	0
Democratic majorities will give Mueller a free hand to do as he pleases without worries about past complaints over the ethical shortcomings of his investigation.	Democratic	Mueller	1
Clinton has generally supported similar, if slightly tougher positions, than Obama has.	Clinton	Obama	0
The same college Republican group had invited Yiannopoulos to speak in February, but his invitation was also rescinded amidst the violence that news of his planned appearance prompted.	Republican	Yiannopoulos	0
The National Security Division’s highest priority is countering terrorist threats and protecting American lives by holding accountable those who plot to attack us.	The National Security Division’s	American	1
Mr. Langer, whom he described as a supporter, left feeling frustrated, according to a version of events later contradicted by a White House official. 	Langer	White House	3
 Nobody expected a Republican presidential candidate would use primary airtime to compliment Planned Parenthood.	Republican	Planned Parenthood	0
Early in the summer, early in our relationship and also in our pregnancy, Sam and I decided to leave New York and start over.	Sam	New York	0
"Cumberbatch also helped create the movements of the giant reptile through a technique called motion capture, researching komodo dragons, serpents and bats to embody Smaug's slithering and flight.""Smaug"" earned more critical acclaim than ""An Unexpected Journey."	Cumberbatch	Smaug	0
The first book of the Harry Potter series went on sale in the U. K. 20 years ago today.	Harry Potter	the U. K.	0
"Speaking about Daniels decision to leave, Frow expressed his frustration, saying: ""We contributed a lot to her participation and we filmed the VT, which people will have seen, and then she decided not to participate, sort of disappeared on us."	Daniels	Frow	4
Paul has steadfastly denounced the bill from the right, calling it fake repeal that merely reshuffles Obamacare spending from blue states to red ones.	Paul	Obamacare	3
But this kind of misses the point of Clinton’s claim: The issue is not about how much of an impact Vermont alone has, but how states in general can enable violence beyond their borders with weak gun laws. 	Clinton	Vermont	0
Then, as now, the Clinton campaign blamed the Russians.	Clinton	Russians	3
While Trump campaign events were powered by chants of “lock her up,” the reason for the locking up was generally a pastiche of concerns about Clinton’s purported transgressions.	Trump	Clinton	3
Erick Erickson, the conservative blogger who has been working to derail his campaign, insisted that Mr. Trump still could not be trusted with the court.	Erick Erickson	Trump	3
Tierney Sneed and Alice Ollstein have been talking to members all morning, and the members have no idea if the votes are there, which usually means they aren’t.	Tierney Sneed	Alice Ollstein	0
 North Carolina Republican leaders are blasting their Democratic colleagues after a supposedly bipartisan deal to repeal the state	Republican	Democratic	3
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” the former George W. Bush 	CNN	George W. Bush	0
"general secretary Christine Blower said: ""Teachers do not take strike action lightly but the overwhelming support for action by NUT members shows that teachers feel what is happening to their pensions is wrong."	secretary Christine Blower	NUT	1
We’re starting to see Donald Trump move into full ”I’m being cheated” and ”the system is rigged” mode as Cruz makes more progress on the ’dark delegate’ front and perhaps makes progress in the polls too.	Donald Trump	Cruz	0
” Labour Party politicians were quick to attack Mr. Johnson for using inflammatory language.	Labour Party	Johnson	3
Trump on Monday signed a decree barring US government funding for foreign NGOs that support abortion.	Trump	US	0
"England's players received a warm welcome from the locals, and before training the squad lined up behind a banner that read ""Obrigado Brasil pela recepcao calorosa"", which translates as ""Thank you Brazil for your warm welcome"".They were then serenaded with a version of We"	England	Brazil	1
(Photo by Diane A. Rhodes, contributing photographer)San Jacinto High School junior Jesse Rincon, chats with his third-grade mentee during a Hyatt Blanket Program monthly visit on Dec. 6, 2017.	Diane A. Rhodes	Jesse Rincon	1
Yet it was only in April last year that Fogel, a former Sky Sports news producer, was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison after being found guilty of breaching a restraining order that banned him from ever contacting his victim.	Fogel	Sky Sports	0
The Radio City Rockettes deal in precision, but the story of the group agreeing to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration ceremony next month is a bit of a mess.	The Radio City Rockettes	Donald Trump’s	0
MacIntyre said he expects incoming freshman Israel Antwine to immediately contribute as well.	MacIntyre	Israel Antwine	1
"So how can MSNBC honestly -- and I underscore ""honestly"" -- lay the blame for the down market at President Obama's feet?"	MSNBC	President Obama	3
Republicans quickly took the opportunity to renew criticism of Clinton’s use of a private email server.	Republicans	Clinton	3
Khizr Khan, the lawyer thrust into the spotlight this week after speaking at the Democratic National Convention about his soldier son and criticizing Donald Trump, says he has no regrets about the speech or the attention that followed.	Khizr Khan	Donald Trump	3
 Malaysia’s highest court is due to decide on Wednesday whether to uphold opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim’s conviction and a jail term for sodomy, or overturn it and set him free.	Malaysia	Anwar Ibrahim	0
Mitchellvii I’m strongly supporting Mr. Trump for President!	Mitchellvii	Trump	1
 Nowhere did Donald Trump’s candidacy inspire more trepidation or alarm than in the national security community, inhabited by many Republicans who vehemently denounced their party’s nominee as dangerously unfit to be commander in chief.	Donald Trump’s	Republicans	0
Today’s opinion,” Justice Thomas wrote, “does resemble Casey in one respect: After disregarding significant aspects of the court	Thomas	Casey	0
In 2007, attempted car bombings in London's theater district and at Glasgow airport also failed.	London	Glasgow	0
Another party leader, Dr. Ada Fisher, reportedly took issue with the fact that people who supported Trump weren’t being brought to the table.	Ada Fisher	Trump	0
Cal Baptist goalkeeper Dan Kelly, the subject of todays column, essentially is enjoying a second athletic career  and by his account, this one should be a lot more fun than the last one.	Cal Baptist	Dan Kelly	0
Had the Obama administration made such a powerful case for why austerity was hampering growth, it could have educated the public and potentially helped build support for more sensible policy the next time the United States faces a recession.	Obama administration	the United States	0
The trial of the year is going on right now, with Paul Manafort facing charges related to his shady dealings with foreign governments  particularly the Russians.	Paul Manafort	Russians	0
All of the representatives of the Western European powers voiced support for the US missile strike in terms that suggested that their governments may carry out their own military actions as part of an imperialist scramble for control of the oil-rich Middle East.	Western European	US	1
Brisbane's Claye Beams was the only other player to be charged from round 16 and can accept a $1950 fine for making contact with umpire Rob Findlay.	Claye Beams	Rob Findlay	3
Republicans and other critics have cited Solyndra as an example of wasteful spending under a program they say failed to boost the economy but drove up federal deficits.	Republicans	Solyndra	3
A number of detainees the United States government unanimously decided years ago it no longer needed to detain were finally and responsibly released from U. S. custody.	United States	U. S.	0
Reince Priebus, now the White House Chief of Staff, publicly threatened Republicans who were withholding their support from the nominee in the final weeks of the election.	Reince Priebus	Republicans	3
On her February 19th episode of “Full Measure,” host Sharyl Attkisson investigates new concerns involving the Department of Veterans Affairs.	Sharyl Attkisson	the Department of Veterans Affairs	0
By 2013, however, Chaffetz had emerged as a voice in the GOP House caucus open to amnesty as the “Gang of Eight” worked to pass it in the Senate.	Chaffetz	GOP House	0
Thousands have gathered at a “Stand Up to Trump, Stand Up to Racism” protest at the U. S. Embassy in London, with organisers promising to help Americans	London	Americans	0
Washingtons reckless and homicidal behavior around the world make it particularly unsuitable as the de facto steward of the global financial system or to enjoy seigniorage, which allows the US to play banker to the rest of the world.	Washingtons	US	0
Lilly Ledbetter, the namesake of the law signed seven years ago, introduced Obama on Friday and praised him for ”not resting on his Ledbetter laurels.	Lilly Ledbetter	Obama	0
I’d choose four more years of Obama,” said David Duncan, the Texas delegate who initially answered my query by quipping that he’d shoot himself.	Obama	David Duncan	2
Clinton has criticized some of the more hawkish proposals from Republican candidates for indiscriminate bombing of ISIS. ”	Clinton	Republican	3
President Obama has issued a statement, condemning ”what appears to be a horrific terrorist attack in Nice, France, which killed and wounded dozens of innocent civilians.	President Obama	Nice	0
The Iraq war veteran accused of killing five people at a busy Florida airport last week appeared in a federal court on Monday on charges that could result in the death penalty. 	Iraq	Florida	0
Dauman immediately fired back, accused the ailing media mogul’s daughter, Shari Redstone, of manipulating her father and orchestrating the “invalid and illegal move.	Dauman	Shari Redstone	3
Lena Dunham has publicly condemned Kanye West’s “sickening” new music video, calling it “	Lena Dunham	Kanye West’s	3
The Saudis, of course, blame the Iranians, arguing they refused to sign the agreement both sides had reached over this year’s hajj: 	Saudis	Iranians	3
Erdogan slammed Bolton, saying he made a grave mistake, adding 	Erdogan	Bolton	3
Biggest loser runner-up in the deficit scold category is Peter Peterson, the private equity billionaire who funded much of MacGuinneas' failed effort.	Peter Peterson	MacGuinneas	1
” Trump has repeatedly criticized other NATO countries for not ”paying their fair share.”	Trump	NATO	3
The Cuban government blames the country’s poor internet access on the US trade embargo, which they say has obstructed the introduction of new network technology and prevented them from accumulating funds to buy equipment from other nations, .	Cuban	US	3
Palin, formerly the Republican vice presidential nominee, endorsed Trump in the 2016 election.	Palin	Trump	1
Straight Outta Compton star O’Shea Jackson Jr. blasted the History Channel’s remake of the iconic series Roots in a recent brief interview, calling it another unnecessary production about black people “getting beat up.	O’Shea Jackson Jr.	the History Channel’s	3
But he also pointed out that Florida was pretty good place for a scout to send himself while the rest of the East Coast was a lot colder and often buried under snow.*****Because of the odd starting time, the Sharks originally had an 8 a.m. morning skate on the schedule.	Florida	Sharks	0
UNESCO Director-General, Audrey Azoulay, said: I would like to commend the spirit of dialogue and the sense of responsibility that led to this result.	UNESCO	Audrey Azoulay	0
Even some members of the Muslim community say he made a mistake in sometimes appearing on panels with relatively Islamist speakers during the 1990s and early 2000s.	Muslim	Islamist	0
Echoing Draghis remarks, Praet predicted that stronger growth in the euro zone would boost returns on investments, thereby making borrowing more attractive and reinforcing the ECBs monetary stimulus.	Draghis	Praet	2
Last month, the Constitutional Court ordered the dissolution of a small leftist party that officials say advocated a North Korean-style socialist system.	the Constitutional Court	North Korean	3
Ryan will not, multiple aides from many of those offices whose members supported the bill in the floor debate tell Breitbart News, have credibility to ever ask these members to do that again.	Ryan	Breitbart News	0
But in a 1994 Newark story, Christie is quoted saying, “I support Planned Parenthood privately with my personal contribution, and that should be the goal of any such agency, to find private donations.	Christie	Planned Parenthood	1
Kings forward Kevin Westgarth offered Kimmel a sip from the cherished Stanley Cup -- something traditionally reserved for champions.	Kevin Westgarth	Kimmel	1
Serena Williams is the most prolific grand slam winner of the open era after claiming her 23rd major singles title with a victory against her sister Venus here in Melbourne on Saturday.	Serena Williams	Venus	0
Like the landers and Whole Earth Catalog readers before them, a new generation is once again becoming interested in fermentation, especially projects, a shift that Mr. Katz attributes to people becoming more critical of the industrial food system and seeking alternatives.	Whole Earth Catalog	Katz	0
And if you want an expert take on the authors previous works, check out Kyle Smiths 2017 NR reviews praising McAleers Ferguson and Leafs	Kyle Smiths	McAleers Ferguson	1
Heard and her fellow parents want the legislature to approve the Senate bill on the grounds that it would enable an entirely new system of oversight and drive quality.	Heard	Senate	0
In the first quarter of 2011, insurgent attacks in the province were up 68% over the year before, according to ANSO, a Kabul-based NGO that provides security advice.	ANSO	Kabul	0
Three former Pennsylvania State University administrators, including former president Graham Spanier, were each sentenced to serve at least two months in jail Friday for failing to alert law enforcement about a 2001 incident involving retired football coach Jerry Sandusky and a boy in a campus shower.	Graham Spanier	Jerry Sandusky	0
Jay Sekulow, one of the attorneys representing President Donald Trump, told several Sunday morning news shows that Trump “is not under investigation. ”	Jay Sekulow	Donald Trump	0
If he wants to keep playing baseball after the Yankees release him Friday night, Alex Rodriguez’s best chance rests not so much on a specific team as on a specific month.	Yankees	Alex Rodriguez’s	0
If West Brom can find some attacking fluency they could finally end their nine-match winless run as Huddersfield have scored just three in their past nine, failing to score in seven.	West Brom	Huddersfield	0
Israel had just flexed its military hardware muscle after border skirmishes -- attacking both Gaza and Southern Lebanon.	Israel	Gaza	3
"The football ace has received social media messages condemning his actionsTwitter Antoine Griezmann tried to explain himself to fans with this tweetBut American rapper Lecrae slammed: ""Highly offensive in toward the black community.""Even worse to tell the offended to calm down"	Antoine Griezmann	Lecrae	4
The head of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia said on Wednesday that Turkish military deployments near areas of northwestern Syria amounted to a ”declaration of war” which could trigger clashes within days.	Syrian Kurdish	Turkish	3
Malzahn believes Auburn's incoming groups at those two spots are the best in the country at their respective positions.	Malzahn	Auburn	1
Joyce Mitchell, a prison tailor who has been charged with aiding the escapees, has admitted to smuggling hacksaw blades by hiding them in frozen hamburger meat, a law enforcement official told CNN last month. 	Joyce Mitchell	CNN	0
"But as the March 2019 exit date approaches, six major British business chiefs told Reuters they still do not have the answers about post-Brexit immigration, trade and regulation they need to plan and make coherent investment decisions.""I see through a glass darkly."	British	Reuters	0
The Iraqi government initially hoped to take Mosul by the end of 2016, but the campaign took longer as militants reinforced positions in civilian areas to fight back.	Iraqi	Mosul	0
When it comes to Europe’s lengthy investigations into Google, Margrethe Vestager, the region’s competition chief, is hoping that the third time’s a charm.	Google	Margrethe Vestager	0
What Kaplan really seems to be getting at is that Gelernter is one of the few major intellectuals out there today who is critical of the intellectual establishment, which acts as a class or guild.	Kaplan	Gelernter	0
- Austrias OMV is confident Romania will establish an acceptable framework for its Black Sea exploration project in the autumn and that it will be able to give the green light for a billion euro investment soon after, its upstream chief said.	Austrias OMV	Romania	1
→ Trump nevertheless has tried to make inroads, promising jobs, attacking Hillary Clinton for once referring to some young black criminals as “superpredators” and asking voters: “	Trump	Hillary Clinton	3
Swedish police revealed Sunday the Uzbekistan citizen suspected of driving a stolen lorry into crowds killing four on Friday was a rejected asylum seeker who was wanted for deportation.	Swedish police	Uzbekistan	0
 There was a mass shooting in Hesston, Kansas.	Hesston	Kansas	0
Appearing at a rally for Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia Tuesday, President Obama suggested that Donald Trump, his supporters, and perhaps even the electorate as a whole were not taking the duties of the presidency seriously:	Hillary Clinton	Obama	0
On Saturday afternoon, Belgian authorities officially charged Abdeslam with “participation in terrorist murder” and in terrorist activities.	Belgian	Abdeslam	3
U. S. equities started mostly flat on Wednesday, but specific enterprises were targeted to benefit from the new Republican leader, while perceived losers were punished.	U. S.	Republican	0
Opposition leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu has been especially critical of the move saying that Erdogan should take the issue to a referendum as polls show the majority of Turks oppose the idea.	Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu	Erdogan	3
Rep. Tim Ryan ( ) faces reporters on Capitol Hill after his bid to unseat Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( .) as House Democratic leader failed.	Tim Ryan	Nancy Pelosi	0
Huffington Post reached out to Trump's campaign for a response to the David Duke comments, and will update this post if they provide one.	Trump	David Duke	0
"(Trump himself has been one of the most prominent people who has questioned the authenticity of Obama's birth certificate.)""In 2008, she was the original 'birther.'"	Trump	Obama	3
US officials have not confirmed the senior Iraqi officer’s account.	US	Iraqi	0
Conway was also criticized for using her position during a Feb. 9 interview on Fox News to endorse Ivanka Trump’s fashion products.	Conway	Ivanka Trump’s	1
The Royal Household, being already domineering and arrogant, was able to concentrate on becoming furiously resentful of Karim's unprecedented transgression of racial, social and  the thought was always in the air if rarely spoken  sexual boundaries, and uniting against him.	The Royal Household	Karim	3
J.R. Smith told ESPN that he would be willing to accept a bench role as he is playing through a career-low scoring season.	J.R. Smith	ESPN	0
Then again, Democrats generally have been more likely to blame Republicans 	Democrats	Republicans	3
Instead of attacking the deal, Singh said the Ford government should focus on supporting industries that will be negatively affected by it.	Singh	Ford	3
On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Huffington Post Senior Politics Editor Sam Stein stated, “you look at the destruction of the Democratic Party under Barack Obama’s leadership and you have to wonder 	Sam Stein	Barack Obama’s	3
FIFA has scolded Brazil several times in the past for failing to meet construction and renovation deadlines for the 12 stadiums that will host World Cup games.	FIFA	Brazil	3
"The case has become an instant online cause celebre  with one lawyer saying that the integrity of history itself is at stake  because it ranges the US's First Amendment, which guarantees freedom of speech, against German privacy and criminal laws, which dictate that after a certain period a crime is ""spent"" and cannot be referred to."	US	German	0
Morgan Stanley on April 18 posted record first-quarter profits thanks to a surge in trading, much like other Wall Street banks that prospered in the first months of 2018 as major economies expanded around the globe and U.S. interest rates rose.	Morgan Stanley	U.S.	0
But Black did say the Rubio campaign, in his estimation, clearly coordinated this attack on him.	Black	Rubio	3
Starting with the tea party movement in the early years of Barack Obama’s presidency, fury over what activists saw as a capitulating GOP establishment created a vacuum for someone or something to take hold.	Barack Obama’s	GOP	0
In the aftermath of Donald Trump’s unforeseen election win, there has been much anguished on the part of Democratic party members, urbanites, intellectuals, professionals, and others who could not imagine this political outcome.	Donald Trump’s	Democratic party	0
Even the drastic step of denouncing Mr. Trump may not be enough to shield Republicans from his unpopularity.	Trump	Republicans	0
Klaus Schwab, the World Economic Forum (WEF) founder whose headquarters are the chrome and glass of a Bond villain	Klaus Schwab	Bond	0
Al-Shabaab has threatened Nairobi before, but this time the response has been more thorough.	Al-Shabaab	Nairobi	3
Republicans had opposed Trump declaring a national emergency, repeatedly warning that it would set a bad precedent and divide the party when Democrats put it up for a vote.	Republicans	Trump	3
"Gowdy had threatened to subpoena Finer, but also said last week when announcing the hearing that production of a ""substantial"" amount of documents would enable a postponement."	Gowdy	Finer	3
Four men, two of whom were Iranian migrants, were attacked and injured, and eyewitnesses claimed a gun was discharged during the altercation, reports Kronen Zeitung.	Iranian	Kronen Zeitung	0
Clinton also ridiculed Trump for not earning the support of any wealthy individuals.	Clinton	Trump	3
When it comes to the global refugee crisis, European countries have long been divided between those prioritizing securing the EU’s borders and those welcoming asylum seekers.	European	EU	0
 Chinese companies are offering to pay record fees and are willing to settle for minority stakes in U. S. mergers and acquisitions in an attempt to assuage concerns of potential overseas partners about regulatory snags scuttling the deals.	Chinese	U. S.	0
As the Guardian reports, South Korea’s constitution protects sitting presidents from being charged with any criminal offense except insurrection or treason, but prosecutors are still allowed to investigate Park, and she could potentially be charged now that she is out of office. 	Guardian	Park	0
Or the Senate could accept the moderate Obama selection.	Senate	Obama	0
The owners of a wine bar in Washington, D. C. say they face unfair competition from an unusual source: the president of the United States.	Washington	D. C.	0
"The suit asks the court turn this into a class action suit allowing others in Smith's situation to join.""She refused to join the NJEA or its affiliates because she disapproves of the union's political and ideological advocacy, as well as the excessively high salaries that are paid to the union's leaders,"" the suit says."	Smith	NJEA	0
Mr. Xi will also oversee a big leadership at a Communist Party congress this autumn, when he starts his second term as party leader, magnifying the government’s hunger for social confidence and stability.	Xi	Communist Party	0
It took a Brooklyn jury two hours Wednesday to convict a Staten Island perv of slathering a woman with lotion and .	Brooklyn	Staten Island	0
More importantly, Trump fiercely criticize the Labor Department’s numbers as “phony” on the campaign trail, stating repeatedly that he believes that the U. S. unemployment rate is as high as 35 percent.	Trump	the Labor Department’s	3
Clinton, one of the most imperfect messengers for this line of attack, rips Trump’s business record and slams him for making his products abroad.	Clinton	Trump	3
 In a blatant effort to direct attention from his disastrous travel ban, President Trump moved up his announcement of his Supreme Court nominee.	President Trump	Supreme Court	0
 Pamela Newkirk ‰is a professor of journalism at New York University and the author of 	Pamela Newkirk ‰is	New York University	0
A Pennsylvania family ​wants to sue the ​city ​Department of Correction and a Bloods gang member who brutalized them ​	Pennsylvania	Bloods	0
KIEV Ukrainian agricultural producer Agroton (A2TAq.	Ukrainian	Agroton	0
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while answering questions about President Donald Trump	NBC	President Donald Trump	0
Estonias two-goal cushion was restored in the 59th minute, just as Northern Ireland started to dominate.	Estonias	Northern Ireland	0
Due to the sensitivities, Israeli police have in the past acted quickly to stop several attempts by Jewish extremists to attack the mosque compound.	Israeli police	Jewish	0
But, unlike those others, which only caused tiny blips on the radar of average media consumers, the Jacobs body slam appears to have hurled the American public into a new realm of incivility.	Jacobs	American	0
Ed Nardoza is stepping down as of Women’s Wear Daily at the end of next week, ending a run.	Ed Nardoza	Women’s Wear Daily	0
Gianna Constand, the accuser’s fiercely protective mother, testified that Cosby apologized over the phone to her and her daughter and offered to pay for her schooling.	Gianna Constand	Cosby	0
Donald Trump’s proposed border wall could face a major obstacle in Arizona, where an indigenous tribe has vowed to oppose construction on its land, paving the way for potential mass resistance following the model of Standing Rock.	Donald Trump’s	Arizona	0
If it means Kershaw can have four or five more healthy starts and the Dodgers can be one of the two wild-card teams and win the one-game playoff to enter the next playoff round, they might get on a roll and go all the way.	Kershaw	Dodgers	0
Democrats may have realized in the to the Gorsuch hearings that this line of attack would not work very well.	Democrats	Gorsuch	0
For now, a SpaceX representative says that while the company will fund the mission, NASA will give technical support — along with access to the Deep Space Network for communications.	SpaceX representative	NASA	0
The Supreme Court wont hear an appeal from a Texas death row inmate condemned for fatally shooting a firefighter.	The Supreme Court	Texas	3
As a result, the Senate might not be able to vote on the spending bill until sometime this weekend, technically putting the U. S. government into a partial shutdown mode on Saturday.	Senate	U. S.	0
The document, directed to Senate Judiciary Committee leadership, charged that Sessions’ judgment should be questioned after bringing a case against three black	Senate Judiciary Committee	Sessions	3
→ Trump nevertheless has tried to make inroads, promising jobs, attacking Hillary Clinton for once referring to some young black criminals as “superpredators” and asking voters: “	Trump	Hillary Clinton	3
In 2011, when Pitt was 17, he was again accused of sexual assault, this time within a classroom at the Portsmouth facility.	Pitt	Portsmouth	0
If you have legislation that has no offsets, no base broadening, so its just tax cuts, you either have to get Democrats to support it, which they will not, or you have to do it through reconciliation so that you can do it on a partisan basis with only Republican votes.	Democrats	Republican	0
Republicans are praising Hillary Clinton as the most skilled and experienced politician ever to stand behind a podium.	Republicans	Hillary Clinton	1
 The U. S. Senate passed legislation on Friday to fund the government through April and President Barack Obama promptly signed it into law, after Democrats who had sought more generous healthcare benefits for coal miners stopped delaying action on the measure.	President Barack Obama	Democrats	0
Also, the University of Texas at Austin’s Arabic Flagship Program supports Austin ISD	the University of Texas at Austin’s Arabic Flagship Program	Austin ISD	1
S&P assigned Greeces rating a stable outlook, indicating it was not planning to change the rating again soon, but it warned that risks remained.The ratings could be lowered if we believe that there is a likelihood of a distressed exchange on Greeces remaining stock of commercial debt, it said.	S&P	Greeces	1
Perhaps the biggest surprise of the race so far is that it is the Democrats  not the Republicans, who started with 17 candidates  who have not yet decided their nominee.	Democrats	Republicans	0
Sen. Jeff Flake says President Barack Obama is doing the right thing for Cuba.	Jeff Flake	Barack Obama	1
At times he does it deftly, but make no mistake, every day Senator Sanders is launching another attack, and that’s not how he said he would run his campaign,” said Joel Benenson, Mr. Clinton’s campaign strategist.	Sanders	Joel Benenson	4
Bald Eagle continuously advocated for indigenous people and worked to preserve Lakota stories.	Bald Eagle	Lakota	1
Speaking of candidate support, according to a New York Times poll, Republicans are seeing massive gains.	New York Times	Republicans	0
 Billionaire George Soros, who has spent millions of dollars financing Democrats and causes, used a controversial Panamanian law firm to establish a web of offshore investment partnerships that operate around the world and out of the scrutiny of U. S. regulators, according to leaked documents.	George Soros	Democrats	0
NBC’s summary illustrated how much of the media uncritically accepted what the Obama White House said about its first few months in office.	NBC	Obama White House	0
National security has been imperilled, they all warned, as Tory demands for the Guardian to be prosecuted have grown.	Tory	Guardian	3
Corzine has not been accused of intentional misconduct, but a Congressional panel in November 2012 blamed his risky bets and ”dereliction of his duty” for MF Global’s demise. 	Corzine	Congressional	4
 E. B. White reportedly said “the most beautiful sound in America” is “the tinkle of ice at twilight.	E. B. White	America	1
And then in 2012 a British producer invited him to appear in a West End production of Neil Simon’s “	British	Neil Simon’s	0
The Goldbergs were originally slated to host a fundraiser with Obama at their enormous condo in Chevy Chase, Maryland, in May.	Goldbergs	Obama	0
The Fox News correspondent called talks of impeaching President Trump “lazy” and “reckless.	Fox News	President Trump	1
At Tuesday’s hearing, the defense did not argue the prosecution’s assertion that Santiago posed a flight risk, as well as a danger to the community, and said that the defendant was prepared to be detained throughout his trial,” reports CNN.	Santiago	CNN	0
As of January, the Philippine government estimates that more than 6, 000 people have been killed in relation to operations since Duterte took office, and more than 60 percent of these died as a result of an extrajudicial killing.	Philippine	Duterte	0
Where Trump stands Support for Israel is an easy crowd pleaser for Republican presidential candidates.	Trump	Republican	1
Delta is the latest airline to face fallout from an dispute, after a family that was forced off an overnight flight from Maui to California posted video that saw the crew say agents would put the parents in jail and place their children in foster care.	Delta	Maui	0
 Donald Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton came as a shock to many 	Donald Trump’s	Hillary Clinton	0
Williamson contested the figure of 6 million deaths accepted by mainstream historians and claimed no more than 300,000 Jews had perished in Nazi concentration camps.	Williamson	Jews	0
” Vice President Joe Biden also spoke at the convention and endorsed Clinton. 	Joe Biden	Clinton	1
Additionally, Salemi, who has worked in corporate recruiting and human resources, said seeing Greek life on a resume is an indication that a candidate was and able to balance multiple responsibilities.	Salemi	Greek	0
South Korea has blamed North Korea for the attacks on its firms.	South Korea	North Korea	3
"The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said it was investigating the Douma attack allegations, but that so far only a ""preliminary analysis"" had taken place."	The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons	Douma	0
 In a devastating outcome for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire, this was the most unkindest cut of all: Women flocked to Bernie Sanders.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
 U. S. coalition aircraft waged a series of deadly strikes against Islamic State around the city of Falluja on Wednesday, U. S. officials told Reuters, with one citing a preliminary estimate of at least 250 suspected fighters killed and at least 40 vehicles destroyed.	Islamic State	Reuters	0
This would force the U.S. Treasury to turn once more to accounting maneuvers to avoid the unthinkable: asking Congress for another increase as the presidential election campaign reaches its crescendo.	the U.S. Treasury	Congress	0
Third, if firing Comey would be too political, how is it any better for Obama to publicly castigate him and pressure him to resign?	Comey	Obama	4
Mr. Trump’s challenge got considerably worse over the weekend, after the release of the videotape led dozens of Republican officials to drop their endorsements.	Trump	Republican	0
Nealis, though, is convinced, and because Huffman wouldn’t admit to any wrongdoing, he banned her from any Marine Corps races for a year.	Nealis	Huffman	0
Mourinhos claim about those who finished below United being treated like serial winners sounds like a shot across the bow of those who dare to praise Liverpool.	Mourinhos	United	0
 A grand jury indicted two former Virginia Tech students on murder and other charges Tuesday in the killing of Blacksburg resident Nicole Lovell, a prosecutor said.	Virginia Tech	Nicole Lovell	0
’ ’ Clinton has strongly criticized Trump for crude comments he has made toward women in the past.	Clinton	Trump	3
When the Yankees try again to slam the brakes on their disastrous 2016 season Tuesday night against the Orioles at Camden Yards, their general manager will be on site 	Yankees	Orioles	0
Officials countered with another letter that said Sally Hemings may be offensive to persons of African descent and other ethnic groups.	Sally Hemings	African	3
In the aftermath of its failure, Erdogan has led a brutal and widespread crackdown targeting those suspected of supporting Gulen.	Erdogan	Gulen	3
And so it remains today among the Washington elite as they speculate on what Donald Trump will do on December 15 when he reveals how he intends to avoid conflicts of interest by “leaving my great business. ” 	Washington	Donald Trump	0
However, spending a large stretch of time out of the Red Devils line-up as he adjusted to the demands of English football, Mkhitaryan started just 14 league games last term to De Bruynes	Mkhitaryan	De Bruynes	0
 The European Commission has charged Facebook Inc ( ) with providing misleading information during its takeover of the online messaging service WhatsApp, opening the company to a possible fine of 1 percent of its turnover.	The European Commission	Facebook Inc	3
In the conversation, Giuliani often returned to the idea that his work gave him foreign policy knowledge that would be valuable if Trump picks him as secretary of state, arguing that he is being unfairly ”hit on both ends,” referring to critics who say he lacks experience and those who say he may be hampered by conflicts of interest. 	Giuliani	Trump	0
Israel launched air strikes on Wednesday against Syrian military sites in response to a roadside bombing that wounded four of its soldiers, but both sides signaled they were not seeking further escalation.	Israel	Syrian	3
"We are Jordanians and we have the right to express ourselves,"" said Reda Darwish, 20.""If they think that the attack will force us to go home, they are wrong."	Jordanians	Reda Darwish	2
Although Mr. McAuliffe originally warned that the loophole would give rise to problems, he defended his own commerce secretary, Maurice Jones, when he received free tickets to see Washington’s pro football team, on the grounds that it amounted to an economic development opportunity for his businessmen guests.	McAuliffe	Maurice Jones	0
If Obama or Holder appears to be taking a stance on Wilsons culpability, their words or actions could force the dismissal of the case.He has a tremendous bully pulpit, Rev. Al Sharpton said of Obama.	Obama	Holder	0
On Thursday evening, Edward Archer approached Philadelphia police officer Jesse Hartnett and proceeded to shoot at him 13 times.	Edward Archer	Jesse Hartnett	0
Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm signed legislation Thursday that supporters say is aimed at strengthening and clarifying self-defense rights in Michigan.	Democratic	Jennifer Granholm	0
 E. B. White reportedly said “the most beautiful sound in America” is “the tinkle of ice at twilight.	E. B. White	America	1
Joshua Roberts / Reuters Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke was sworn into his post on March 1.In his first months on the job, Zinke  who environmentalists initially saw as less of a threat than other Cabinet picks  has emerged as yet another industry friend, working to pave a better future for coal, oil and gas.	Joshua Roberts	Ryan Zinke	0
Kellyanne Conways attempt at using Twitter to praise President Donald Trump for empowering women backfired Thursday.	Kellyanne Conways	Donald Trump	1
While Trump campaign events were powered by chants of “lock her up,” the reason for the locking up was generally a pastiche of concerns about Clinton’s purported transgressions.	Trump	Clinton	3
And Emily Drucker, 28, said she supports Sanders because: “	Emily Drucker	Sanders	1
MSCI’s emerging market index notched a year low and Russia’s rouble tanked almost 5 percent at one point as it set a record low against the dollar for a second day running. 	MSCI	Russia	0
Kanye West, the rapper, fashion designer, showman and Twitter ranter, has maintained a low profile since canceling his “Saint Pablo” tour and being hospitalized in amid rumors of severe exhaustion.	Kanye West	Twitter	0
 Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Wednesday his country was not involved in an effort to influence the U. S. presidential election even as WikiLeaks released another trove of internal documents from Hillary Clinton’s campaign.	Vladimir Putin	Hillary Clinton’s	0
Trump’s allegations echoed past ones from several women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment and, in some instances, assault.	Trump	Bill Clinton	3
Yemen gained a reputation as an al Qaeda haven after the 2001 attacks.	Yemen	al Qaeda	2
 Indiana is one of the last remaining battlegrounds in the race for the Republican nomination 	Indiana	Republican	0
Gingrich responded by attacking King and the news media, earning a standing ovation from the audience.	Gingrich	King	3
Hutchisson has done the impossible: He has made an original contribution to the literature about the most author in American letters. 	Hutchisson	American	0
Humala has praised Lula for twinning healthy growth and private investment with effective poverty reduction after years of disappointing results on both fronts by previous leaders.	Humala	Lula	1
This isn't the first time Fiorina has implicitly or explicitly criticized Clinton's lack of engagement with the political press corps.	Fiorina	Clinton	3
Mr. Artemenko, 48, emerged from the opposition that Mr. Manafort nurtured.	Artemenko	Manafort	0
A wave of sectarian violence erupted in March in the central Myanmar town of Meikhtila, causing 44 deaths and displacing an estimated 13,000 people, mostly Muslims.	Myanmar	Meikhtila	0
The U.S. has resolutely refused to support Freeland in her public stance against human rights violations.	U.S.	Freeland	3
A Lithuanian haulier has been robbed at knife point by three migrants in Calais.	Lithuanian	Calais	0
One of the great things the Republican party has going for it is that the liberal agenda tends to fail, as it did in ’68 after Lyndon B. Johnson won in a landslide.	the Republican party	Lyndon B. Johnson	0
Rev. Barber has shared that OSI funding would enable the hiring of two new staff members for the NAACP 	Barber	OSI	0
If the Supreme Court upholds that decision, the largest beneficiary could be the Washington Redskins football team.	the Supreme Court	Washington Redskins	0
Clinton, one of the most imperfect messengers for this line of attack, rips Trump’s business record and slams him for making his products abroad.	Clinton	Trump	3
Martin Wolf, the economic columnist of The Financial Times, wrote that “this referendum is, arguably, the most irresponsible act by a British government in my lifetime.	Martin Wolf	British	0
 This throwaway line in a Washington Post article by Robert Costa about the latest split within the Donald Trump campaign over whether to on immigration is one of the more terrifying things I’ve ever seen people inside a campaign admit about their candidate: 	Robert Costa	Donald Trump	0
They, too, were crying.I want to thank the law team  the officers who contributed to a conviction of Mr. Vasquez, said Cecelia Stevenson, Ealys sister.	Vasquez	Cecelia Stevenson	4
But critics, including Stephen Henderson, the Detroit Free Press s editorial page editor, says it s groups such as the DeVos foundations that have an agenda. 	Stephen Henderson	DeVos	3
On a muggy afternoon in Atlanta, Jennifer Schuble, 40, hops on her bicycle and clips into the pedals.	Atlanta	Jennifer Schuble	0
But this kind of misses the point of Clinton’s claim: The issue is not about how much of an impact Vermont alone has, but how states in general can enable violence beyond their borders with weak gun laws. 	Clinton	Vermont	0
"The gospels' use of the term ""the Jews"" therefore, should not be read as a criticism of the Jewish religion, and especially not as a condemnation of an entire people, either then, or now."	Jews	Jewish	1
In spite of that, the FBI recommended no prosecution,” writes CounterJihad, in a fitting epitaph for the rule of law.	FBI	CounterJihad	0
Republican members of Congress repeatedly pressed Trump during their meeting to reassure them he would work with them constructively and respect their agenda if elected.	Republican	Trump	0
The Cruz spin machine produces more lies than anything else,” read a Trump campaign internal memo, which was obtained by the Post.	Cruz	Trump	4
As Hillary Clinton prepares to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination, we’re interested in getting your opinion on the following questions.	Hillary Clinton	the Democratic Party’s	0
 As OPEC’s latest meeting wrapped up in Vienna on Thursday night, ministers congratulated each other on its rare spirit of amity and consensus.	OPEC	Vienna	0
To start with, its been a while since the central bank raised its interest rates, and Chinese premiere Wen Jiabao is urging financing for small businesses.	Chinese	Wen Jiabao	0
Funding for the NIH has been a bipartisan priority for years; one of Trumps key advisers, former Representative Newt Gingrich, has long championed that cause.	Trumps	Newt Gingrich	2
U. S. District Judge Katherine Forrest rejected a request by the senior White House aide’s lawyers that she be blocked from submitting to a deposition in the trademark infringement lawsuit brought by Aquazzura Italia SRL against her and her company IT Collection LLC.	Katherine Forrest	White House	0
But she will face 14th-seeded Russian Maria Kirilenko next after defeating Morita 6-1, 6-3 win in 66 minutes.	Maria Kirilenko	Morita	3
Ms. Flowers, in recently broadcast interviews, has accused Mrs. Clinton of being an “enabler” and has said the scandal is a relevant issue in 2016.	Flowers	Clinton	3
The security firm, Recorded Future, was monitoring underground electronic markets where hackers buy and sell wares and discovered someone offering credentials for access to computers at the U. S. Election Assistance Commission, company executives said.	Recorded Future	the U. S. Election Assistance Commission	0
Emily Reinwald, 21, of Stafford, Va. of Yale College Republicans, said she and another Trump supporter shook a bottle of champagne and popped the cork early Wednesday outside their campus residence.	Emily Reinwald	Trump	1
Scott was asked if Collins’ departure to the hospital contributed to the team’s early sluggish play.	Scott	Collins	0
Mr. Herrou was cleared on Friday of the more severe charges of having helped illegal migrants stay on French territory and of having illegally hosted more than 50 Eritreans in an abandoned holiday resort.	Herrou	French	0
 The Chinese government appears to be abiding by its September pledge to stop supporting the hacking of American trade secrets to help companies there compete, private U. S. security executives and government advisors said on Monday.	Chinese	American	0
Hildebrand absolutely rejects any allegations of wrongdoing and is providing the Attorney General with whatever assistance is necessary to resolve this matter, BlackRock spokesman Marc Bubeck said in an emailed statement on Thursday.	Hildebrand	BlackRock	0
 President Obama urged his fellow Democrats and Donald Trump to in the coming years focus on American ideals 	Obama	Donald Trump	0
The billing office is one of the friendliest places on campus, says Aja Beckham, a junior at the University of Illinois at .	Aja Beckham	the University of Illinois at	0
Leonard, originally from Yorkshire, has a Scottish trade union background, but has been a Scottish lawmaker for a relatively short time.	Leonard	Scottish	0
Following a weekend of internet sensation over the Glock which was revamped into a Nintendo “Duck Hunt” pistol, custom shop Precision Syndicate, LLC announced there will be no mass production of the weapon.	Nintendo	Precision Syndicate, LLC	0
Illinois is emerging as a battleground of sorts, with Clinton campaigning in the state earlier in the day, before holding a rally in Charlotte, N. C. Monday night.	Illinois	Clinton	0
Calgary-based Westjet said it had unconfirmed reports of minor injuries in the incident, but that all 168 passengers and six crew members on board its plane were safe and accounted for.	Calgary	Westjet	0
As Jim noted earlier, the State Department had proposed to withhold disclosure for now and mass-produce all 55,000 emails on January 15, 2016  seven months from now.	Jim	the State Department	0
Germany has also come under criticism from some Trump advisers.	Germany	Trump	4
Scourers rose to prominence in the years before the founding of the wizarding governing body, the Magical Congress of the United States of America (MACUSA), in 1693.While the Scourers started out with good intentions, they quickly became corrupt and even hunted down fellow wizards.	Scourers	the Magical Congress of the United States of America	0
”’ ’’ ’Donald Trump again attacked Elizabeth Warren on.	Donald Trump	Elizabeth Warren	3
Levitz uncritically quotes Washington Monthly’s claim that airline deregulation transferred “control of the airline industry from experts answerable to the public to corporate boardrooms and Wall Street.	Levitz	Washington Monthly’s	0
’’ ’ a smart home company based out of Provo, Utah, has raised $100 million in its first round of funding.	Provo	Utah	0
"More generally, Obama lent support to the idea of creating a coalition -- of business leaders, elected officials, celebrities, athletes -- to address the need for African-American men to feel that they are ""a full part of this society.""Obama's decision to speak on the verdict was a bit of a surprise."	Obama	African-American	1
Left wing extremist offences have risen considerably in the last year according to Austrian officials who say that Islamic terror is still the most pressing danger.	Austrian	Islamic	0
That view was further reinforced by other U.S. policymakers such as Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan on Thursday, though analysts were wary of kicking the dollar lower before U.S. inflation data.	U.S.	Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan	2
"They've come up with a method so odd and complicated in practice yet easy and simple in concept--a flexible sheet like a placemat that becomes a canvas they work on right in front of you--that I asked for a slideshow, which Achatz narrates in what our producer, Eleanor Barkhorn, calls his ""movie star"" voice."	Achatz	Eleanor Barkhorn	0
Gianna Constand, the accuser’s mother, testified about her hour phone call with Cosby after learning about the alleged assault. 	Gianna Constand	Cosby	3
The latest batch of emails released from Hillary Clinton’s time at the State Department contains more retroactively classified correspondence from her controversial private server.	Hillary Clinton’s	the State Department	0
"Robert Wolf is President Barack Obama's man on Wall Street, a trusted adviser who has been described as the ""sole Wall Street potentate"" with whom the president has developed a genuine friendship."	Robert Wolf	Barack Obama	2
After a more than year long delay, a grand jury failed to indict Loehmann for what prosecutor Tim McGinty described as a perfect storm of human error, mistakes and communications.	Loehmann	Tim McGinty	0
Part of the blame for Chicagos ineffective passing game can be shouldered by offensive coordinator Dowell Loggains, who recently joined the Dolphins staff in the same role.	Chicagos	Dowell Loggains	0
Leahy, a Democrat from Vermont, used his answer to transition to a question about the Trump administration.	Leahy	Trump	0
The United States was the fourth largest voluntary donor to UNFPA in 2015, giving $US75 million ($99 million) in core budget and earmarked contributions.	The United States	UNFPA	1
Hillary Clinton could say a lot of things that would be applauded by the Democratic far left, but that’s not who	Hillary Clinton	Democratic	0
Thaksin's supporters, largely based in the north and northeast, have threatened to defend Yingluck if she is removed from power, adding to fears of civil strife.	Thaksin	Yingluck	1
Donald Trump was put on trial in his absence during the debate as his running mate Mike Pence was accused of trying to defend the indefensible.	Donald Trump	Mike Pence	0
Nashville Public Library officials informed Nashville’s chapter of Black Lives Matter members that the group’s “open to black and people of color only” meetings policy is prohibited on public property.	Nashville Public Library	Black Lives Matter	0
"Their split has recently taken a contentious turn, with Kordell filing a motion claiming that Porsha has been ""neglecting her responsibilities to her stepson"" and partying until the early morning hours."	Kordell	Porsha	3
 President Nicolas Maduro on Friday signed off on Venezuela’s 2017 budget, drawing fire from the National Assembly which accused the unpopular leftist leader of despotism for bypassing the legislature. 	President Nicolas Maduro	the National Assembly	4
Plans to transform a dilapidated power station into Sydney's answer to Silicon Valley have hit a major stumbling block, after tech-giant Google walked away from negotiations to redevelop the site.	Sydney	Google	0
Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas has called the knife attacks against Israelis a “justified popular uprising.	Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas	Israelis	3
Beijing says 300,000 civilians and soldiers were killed in the first six weeks of the Japanese occupation which started in 1937.	Beijing	Japanese	3
When Latiolais hadnt left the residence after they had stalked her outside and underneath the house for hours, Birdsall ordered him to kill her, Nicosia said.He started to lash out.	Latiolais	Birdsall	4
An 22 year old female Iraqi migrant out with her boyfriend on Sunday was attacked by a gang and hospitalised by the ferocity of the kicks and punches, reports the German Express.	Iraqi	the German Express	0
Trump, meanwhile, was candid about the political ramifications of not supporting the bill, which he likened to an act of betrayal, and pointedly reminded lawmakers of his popularity among the Republican base.	Trump	Republican	1
"the party had ""deployed some techniques we haven't used in so complete a way before in a byelection.""Even so, Labour did face genuine anger about the aggression in their controversial campaign over Fife council's rise in some care charges, from 4 a week to 11 a week for a minority of pensioners and disabled residents."	Labour	Fife council's council	3
Many of the records that snarled Manafort in recent months emerged from Ukraine’s new bureau.	Manafort	Ukraine	0
But Trump would be on safer ground if he blamed her supporters for stoking the birther rumors, which do have some Democratic roots.	Trump	Democratic	0
 Conservatives should be delighted that Harriet Tubman’s likeness will grace the $20 bill.	Conservatives	Harriet Tubman’s	0
Sweeney said that, having dogged him for six days, Davis accused him of giving an easy ride to one of his interviewees, a critic of Scientology, even though he had not heard the full interview.	Sweeney	Davis	4
Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign on Saturday touted a video of Will Ferrell telling Nevadans to caucus for her — even though the actor had been listed as a supporter on Sen. Bernie Sanders’ ( ) campaign website.	Hillary Clinton’s	Will Ferrell	0
The Trump campaign, which has seldom engaged in rapid response, also sent a barrage of news releases to reporters in an effort to undercut Mrs. Clinton’s arguments.	Trump	Clinton	3
While never charged with any crimes, Stepien was later banished by Christie despite having been his previous pick to serve as state Republican Party chair for displaying disregard for political retribution aimed at the mayor of Fort Lee.	Stepien	Christie	4
Cecily Fong, spokeswoman for the state department of emergency services, told the Guardian that the pipeline operator would be in charge of securing the site once law enforcement successfully removed activists.	Cecily Fong	Guardian	0
Maduro faced the strongest criticism ever from within his own camp when Attorney General Luisa Ortega condemned Wednesdays Supreme Court rulings as a rupture of constitutional order.The president	Maduro	Luisa Ortega	4
Summer Zervos, a former Apprentice contestant who alleged in October that Trump groped and kissed her without consent, announced the lawsuit on Tuesday from the offices of her attorney, Gloria Allred.	Summer Zervos	Trump	3
Trump has caused political trouble for Republicans across the country this election cycle, but Ayotte may be the hardest hit of them all.	Trump	Ayotte	0
Officer Randall Hancock, a veteran, responded to the scene, where an armed man later identified as Stephen Beck was lying in wait.	Randall Hancock	Stephen Beck	0
Grodner has filed two lawsuits that accuse Black Lives Matter and its leaders of causing the injuries of two police officers in separate incidents.	Grodner	Black Lives Matter	3
In the past, Trump has praised and questioned Turkey’s leadership.	Trump	Turkey	1
Sigourney Weaver spoke in support of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the party’s national convention in Philadelphia on Wednesday, where she discussed her “deep concern” about climate change while introducing a warning video directed by James Cameron.	Sigourney Weaver	Hillary Clinton	1
* BP says investigating fluid composition issueOSLO/LONDON, Oct 21 (Reuters) - The North Sea Huntington oilfield in waters off Britain is producing at only about 40 percent of capacity due to problems in using a pipeline operated by energy major BP, a partner in the field said on Monday.	BP	Reuters	0
But Bruce would also jump at the chance to answer Wolves SOS call after getting the sack at Sunderland.	Bruce	Wolves	1
Breitbart Texas previously reported on a series of fierce gun battles between cartel gunmen and Mexican marines with air support from military helicopters that rained down gunfire.	Breitbart Texas	Mexican	0
 Planned Parenthood has identified Sen. Kelly Ayotte as its first target in the 2016 Senate races when Democrats hope to regain control of the chamber.	Kelly Ayotte	Democrats	0
The incoming Trump administration appears determined to reverse much of what President Obama has tried to achieve on climate and environment policy.	Trump	Obama	0
Democrats have also grown more critical since the Fed raised interest rates in December. 	Democrats	Fed	0
Thats because of the automatic inflation adjustment thats part of the Social Security formula, the inflation adjustment President Obama has recently offered to make less generous by tweaking the formula to account for consumers substituting cheaper goods and services for more expensive ones.	Social Security	President Obama	2
The speedy Manchester United forward lavishly praised brilliant captain and two-goal hero Harry Kane.	Manchester United	Harry Kane	1
President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil is halfway through the process of being impeached, accused of borrowing money to misrepresent the state of her nation	President Dilma Rousseff	Brazil	0
In July this year Twitter enforced its anti-hate speech rules against an editor on Breitbart, first removing his verified status and then deleting his account after he led a hate campaign against Leslie Jones, an actor in the latest Ghostbusters movie.	Twitter	Breitbart	3
A Democratic operative who worked on the 2016 campaign recently told me that when the Clinton campaign was told it needed to invest in local grassroots efforts, which support races, it was hostile to the idea.	Democratic	Clinton	0
But police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, who has the last word on firings, rejected the recommendation and fired Chiofalo.	Raymond Kelly	Chiofalo	3
While its inarguable that women tend to have more domestic responsibilities than men, the conclusion that Ellmers drewthat women arent willing or capable of understanding high level male talk that may involve a pie chart or graphcontinues to be condescending, which is why Schow was so critical in the first place.	Ellmers	Schow	4
 Vogue theater critic Adam Green wrote of Mirandas White House performance.	Vogue	Adam Green	2
Not only are Democrats at a 20-year high in trusting mass media while Republicans are at a 20-year low (tied with their mark from last year) but the polarization on that subject over the last two years is like nothing Gallup has seen in modern times.	Democrats	Republicans	0
’s recent meetings with reporters on her campaign plane; Trump has criticized Clinton for not holding news conferences. 	Trump	Clinton	3
Jane, meanwhile, keeps assuring Ziggy that there’s “nothing wrong” with him, even after he’s accused of trying to choke 	Jane	Ziggy	0
Some officials have cautioned that even an attack on military helicopters could be seen as part of a U.S. campaign to disable the Syrian military.	U.S.	Syrian	3
NBA Steve Nash, recalls that President Donald Trump “was a nice enough guy” when he met him in 2007.	Steve Nash	Donald Trump	1
After being attacked by a stranger in her North Carolina home, Top Gun actress Kelly McGilllis responded by getting a gun and a concealed carry weapons permit.	North Carolina	Kelly McGilllis	0
For the last three years, JPMorgan Chase’s hiring practices in China were at the center of a federal bribery investigation.	JPMorgan Chase’s	China	0
OSHA investigators found that Tysons supervisors had repeatedly failed to inspect the faulty chain.	OSHA	Tysons	3
 Donald Trump is expected to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan .	Donald Trump	Paul Ryan	1
Only 29% of Clinton supporters say their vote is about stopping Trump from getting the White House	Clinton	Trump	0
Trump has inflicted weeks’ worth of headaches upon himself with tweets that have dominated headlines at times, such as when he accused Obama of wiretapping his phones.	Trump	Obama	3
Nonetheless, Obama will leave office having all of his predecessors in military support to the country Netanyahu now runs.	Obama	Netanyahu	0
The U. S. and China are the two largest economies in the world 	The U. S.	China	0
America has made its choice, and it is not you,” Olivia screams back, her eyes welling up with tears and her voice slightly cracking as it fails to mask her devastation.	America	Olivia	0
Trump would like the whole issue to go away, but there was enough history before the hacking to raise questions about why he has treated Putin with such respect.	Trump	Putin	1
With only one returning Blue and just two world-class performers in his squad, coach Sean Bowden still produced a powerful and competitive crew which performed well above their potential.	Blue	Sean Bowden	1
Anne said the IPCC upheld 49 per cent of appeals from people whose complaints were not even recorded in the first place, as well as 44 per cent of appeals from those whose complaints had been investigated by the local force.	Anne	IPCC	3
The Treasury Department had originally targeted the $10 and founding father Alexander Hamilton for a face change.	The Treasury Department	Alexander Hamilton	0
Finally, Fair said, the general manager confronted her for allegedly creating a “hostile environment” for gym patrons by loudly decrying Spencer.	Fair	Spencer	3
Mr. Assad has attacked many of them on the pretense of attacking Nusra fighters.	Assad	Nusra	3
I dont know.In addition to the usual adjustment period, Stuart might be facing an additional challenge once Burns feels comfortable enough to start jumping into plays and getting more creative on occasion.Ive	Stuart	Burns	0
"The danger is that we move one step further still.""Putin and Obama had reportedly agreed about fighting ISIS and opening lines of communication between their militaries to prevent an accidental conflict that could lead to all-out war."	Obama	ISIS	3
In the end, FDR’s effort failed, after a revolt by many Democrats, including his own vice president, John Nance Garner.	FDR	John Nance Garner	4
"Next came a hint that Roman Abramovich's release of the purse-strings represented an endorsement of a managerial regime rocked by Ray Wilkins' departure.""It's important,"" agreed Chelsea's manager."	Roman Abramovich's	Ray Wilkins'	1
 The United States has just intentionally bombed a Syrian regime target for the first time since the country’s civil war began in 2011.	The United States	Syrian	0
 The earth shook three times with the impact of air strikes targeting Islamic State positions north of Mosul.	Islamic State	Mosul	0
"When others believe that the United States is in charge of the ""peace process"" and leading it in a positive direction, they sit back and let Uncle Sam do the work."	the United States	Uncle Sam	0
On Monday, Trusted Leadership PAC, a group supporting Mr. Cruz, said it also planned to keep a previously announced attack ad against Mr. Kasich on the air in Indiana.	Cruz	Kasich	3
The committee did not accuse Blair or his ministers of misleading Parliament, however.	Blair	Parliament	0
North Korea itself maintains its missile development is to defend against the kinds of attacks the U. S. is now hinting at.	North Korea	the U. S.	3
Kagan then tried to answer the legal question she thought Graham had asked, but the senator stopped her to say that his question was literally where she was on that day.	Kagan	Graham	1
Both have accused the German chancellor of being too lenient towards the US authorities.	German chancellor	US	1
A Syrian professor has asserted that Arab migrants see “slut” German women as fair game for assault and warned that the country is set to see “big social conflicts” as a result of Angela Merkel and EU open border policies.	Syrian	Arab	0
He hopes that by financially targeting the current political rulers  through sanctions and bank account freezes  that the U.S. friendly Iranian opposition will be strengthened, while toppling the existing regime.	U.S.	Iranian	0
Although violence has diminished, the United Nations has accused the Syrian government of failing to grant permission for safe passage of aid convoys.	the United Nations	Syrian	3
 It’s been awhile since Bill Simmons took a shot at ESPN.	Bill Simmons	ESPN	0
Former Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, regarded as a foreign policy hawk, praised Ms. McFarland, 65, as “one of our country’s most experienced, informed and wise foreign policy and national security experts.	Joseph I. Lieberman	McFarland	1
Donald Trump has praised Putin. 	Donald Trump	Putin	1
For the Estonian debut at the contest, which took place in Dublin, the result was a disappointment, receiving just 2 points and leaving only Lithuania behind.	Estonian	Dublin	0
Diego Simeone has whipped the Atletico supporters up as best he can, roused his team for one last effort, and then headed back to the dugout.	Diego Simeone	Atletico	1
 Two top officials overseeing South Sudan’s military courts have resigned, saying interference made it impossible to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder amid the nation’s civil war, according to letters seen by Reuters on Saturday. 	South Sudan’s	Reuters	0
’ Donald Trump claimed Tuesday that there were problems with voting machines being reported across the US, citing a CNN report.	Donald Trump	CNN	0
Jim Downey, the SNL writer in charge of political mockery, insisted that there was simply nothing funny about Obama.	Jim Downey	Obama	0
Now that President Trump has ordered a delay of the Labor Department's controversial new fiduciary rule, which industry groups potentially stand to gain the most?The rule, which is slated to take effect April 10, requires financial advisors and brokers to recommend investments in the best interests of clients instead of those merely suitable.	President Trump	the Labor Department's	0
The Department of Defense’s decision is yet another example of how Trump’s decision to hold onto his business interests is rewriting norms surrounding the presidency and creating problems in what were once uncontroversial procedures.	The Department of Defense’s	Trump	0
Rodman has faced ridicule and criticism for his trips to North Korea, which some U. S. politicians and activists view as serving only as fodder for North Korean propaganda.	Rodman	North Korean	0
Mr. Preibus, for one, praised Mr. Trump late Tuesday, saying his speech that night amid the uproar over the judge was “exactly the right approach and perfectly delivered.	Preibus	Trump	1
ISIS operatives have previously struck in the bustling southern Turkish city of about 1. 5 million people, with the group claiming responsibility for the shootings of activists in Gaziantep in December and April.	ISIS	Turkish	0
But House Democrats are fretting that they’ll be accused by the National Republican Congressional Committee, the GOP’s campaign arm, of cutting health care to seniors.	House Democrats	the National Republican Congressional Committee	4
LaVoy Finicum, an Arizona rancher and key figure in the standoff in Oregon, has a new campaign to encourage ranchers to stop paying grazing fees to the federal government.	LaVoy Finicum	Arizona	0
At worst, Svoboda said, if Panasonic refused to share information, it could be accused of negligence, but not responsibility for harm.	Svoboda	Panasonic	0
"The artist who has filled the Turbine Hall in the Tate Modern with millions of hand-crafted porcelain seeds blamed a ""political issue"" after it emerged that Chinese officials have ordered the demolition of his Shanghai studio, which he designed himself."	Chinese	Shanghai	3
Planned Parenthood has filed a lawsuit against the Center for Medical Progress the group behind a series of ”sting videos” targeting the reproductive health organization alleging that the group violated the Racketeer Influence and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO Act) and engaged in wire fraud, mail fraud, invasion of privacy, illegal secret recording, and trespassing.	Planned Parenthood	the Center for Medical Progress	0
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, meanwhile, thanked Donald Trump for his promise for support at the international body after he takes office.	Benjamin Netanyahu	Donald Trump	1
Spanish power company Gas Natural has fired the starting gun in what is expected to be the biggest upheaval among European utility companies for a decade.	Spanish	European	0
In his original string of tweets, Trump specifically claimed: ”President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”	Trump	Obama	3
The 12 Marines who went missing after their two Super Stallion helicopters apparently crashed off the coast of Hawaii during a nighttime training mission last Thursday evening have officially been declared dead.	Marines	Hawaii	0
Breitbart News could not independently verify the methodology of this poll, but the same outfit forecasted Greg Gianforte’s victory in his special election for Montana’s U. S. House seat within one point the actual result.	Breitbart News	Greg Gianforte’s	0
An unlicensed illegal alien has been charged with drunk driving after allegedly crashing into the back of a family of four in Auburn, Massachusetts.	Auburn	Massachusetts	0
Also at the weekend, Boko Haram attacked Gumsuri village, 20 kilometres from Chibok, killing five people late on Saturday, locals said.	Boko Haram	Gumsuri village	3
Something quite startling happened in a close House race in northern Virginia this year.	House	Virginia	0
Scott was asked if Collins’ departure to the hospital contributed to the team’s early sluggish play.	Scott	Collins	0
Erick Erickson, the conservative blogger who has been working to derail his campaign, insisted that Mr. Trump still could not be trusted with the court.	Erick Erickson	Trump	3
"was not unmanageable, but nor is it a low figure.""Both the Commonwealth Bank full-year result and ANZ's trading update this week point to credit quality on the slide."	Commonwealth Bank	ANZ	0
But when she walked glumly to a lectern at a ballroom in a downtown Los Angeles hotel, a sheet of paper in hand, Sharapova promptly changed the expected story line by instead disclosing the failed test.	Los Angeles	Sharapova	0
His first start could come as early as Tuesday when the Devils host the Los Angeles Kings, but Hynes did not commit to a starting goalie following Mondays practice.	Devils	the Los Angeles Kings	1
Conservative Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) has legislation with Rep. Pete DeFazio ( ) that would remove the arbitrary federal cap on the passenger facility charge (PFC) 	Thomas Massie	Pete DeFazio	0
” Mr. Woodward did keep quiet, until 1998, when the police knocked on his door and told him that Mr. Bennell faced charges of sexual abuse.	Woodward	Bennell	3
A advocate says the mostly white communities in the United States must be wheeled into “political hospice care,” and a Washington Post columnist commended his solution “as a way forward.	the United States	Washington Post	0
"cause, which is Minnie's Food Pantry, named after my mother,"" said the founder, Cheryl Jackson."	Minnie's Food Pantry	Cheryl Jackson	2
and “all of the dear Egyptian nation,” and said he was praying for the dead and injured in the attack that occurred just hours earlier as Francis himself was marking Palm Sunday in St. Peter’s Square. 	Egyptian	Francis	0
(Mr. Mickelson wasn’t charged but netted nearly $1 million from the Dean Foods tips and agreed to forfeit the proceeds plus interest.)	Mickelson	Dean Foods	0
s supporters cited Odebrechts letter to La Republica to argue that his only fault was misleading Peru about his connections to Odebrecht.	Odebrechts	La Republica	0
Not a great start from David Horsey of England - triple bogey at the 1st, while Simon Khan made bogey.	David Horsey	Simon Khan	0
” Syrian refugees mostly welcomed an attack on the violent and oppressive Assad government they fled, even if they thought it was too little or too late.	Syrian	Assad	3
The House Speaker endorsed the presumptive Republican nominee, writing in a column for his hometown newspaper that he’s	House	Republican	0
Where Trump stands Support for Israel is an easy crowd pleaser for Republican presidential candidates.	Trump	Republican	1
That means I will make more money, which means I can pay you more money.Despite multiple detailed accounts finding that Sinclairs news coverage is skewed politically to the right, Smith insisted that his news output was not biased.	Sinclairs	Smith	2
To the extent Jackson knew about the Civil War and was “really angry” about it, he was really angry at the Southern planter aristocrats who would later start the Civil War.	Jackson	Southern	3
Mair’s statement adds considerable weight to the theory that Cox’s killing was a politically motivated, attack just a week before Britain is to vote on the highly contentious question of whether the country should stay in the	Mair	Cox	0
Much like a similar law passed last year in North Carolina, the proposal has angered Texas business groups and advocates of LGBT rights, and has become a political flashpoint in the state.	North Carolina	Texas	0
"she stood waiting to enter the hall, Savage said: ""I'm glad the protesters are demonstrating about the evasion of the rape allegations but I'm not standing with them because I don't oppose him speaking.""After Assange's response to her question however, Savage was left sanguine."	Savage	Assange	0
Plus, Hanna is the only person who is really questioning Alison and her motives.	Hanna	Alison	0
CNN has not yet independently confirmed either The New York Times or People Magazine accounts.	CNN	The New York Times	0
Can the State effort resolve the squabbling likely to arise over numerous issues and bring lasting stability to one of Iraq’s most diverse and challenging provinces?	State	Iraq	0
The results are now in and it turns out Americans have emphatically rejected ObamaCare, amnesty, and more out-of-control spending.	Americans	ObamaCare	3
Mehmet Ali Birand, a veteran liberal commentator, said Turkey should put aside talk of retaliation and adopt calmer tactics in its global efforts to counter the genocide claims.But when we see a wall blocking our way we do tend to charge straight at it.	Mehmet Ali Birand	Turkey	3
"Down the pan A study of sewage is long overdue, writes Blake Morrison""The waste remains,"" William Empson wrote in one of his villanelles, ""the waste remains and kills."	"Blake Morrison""The"	William Empson	0
’s recent meetings with reporters on her campaign plane; Trump has criticized Clinton for not holding news conferences. 	Trump	Clinton	3
Iraqi forces have been waging war with ISIS fighters in Mosul since last October, when a massive offensive was launched to the terror stronghold.	Iraqi	ISIS	0
monopolyMOSCOW, Feb 15 (Reuters) - Russia will try to find a way to increase export rights for producers of liquefied natural gas (LNG) without creating competition for monopoly Gazprom ,	Reuters	Gazprom	0
Cuban, who has in the past, charged the San company with confusing humor with disrespect, and threatened Bleacher Report until the tweet was gone.	Cuban	Bleacher Report	3
In 1992 and 1993, his expanded coalition, with support from the Social Democratic party, changed the German constitution to limit the country	the Social Democratic party	German	0
Last month, a divided Port Authority board put off acting on a working group's recommendation that a $10 billion replacement be built one block west of the existing 65-year-old bus terminal, angering Gordon and other project proponents.	Port Authority	Gordon	4
Hamas has built a sophisticated network of tunnels that it has used to penetrate Israel to carry out attacks on civilians and soldiers.	Hamas	Israel	3
One other accuser, Kelly Johnson, testified that she was drugged and assaulted in 1996 as prosecutors sought to establish that Cosby had a pattern of assault.	Kelly Johnson	Cosby	3
Since then a tense calm has permeated the Afghan capital as people brace for the Taliban's launch of its customary spring offensive.	Afghan	Taliban	0
In 2010, Charlottes Furniture, a longtime ORourke family business then run by the congressmans mother, Melissa, pled guilty to federal money-laundering charges  specifically, to avoiding currency-transaction reporting requirements by structuring $630,000 in payments by a single customer.	ORourke	Melissa	0
 A permanent U. S. resident living in Texas has been sentenced to eight years in prison for illegally voting, a punishment that will probably result in the woman’s deportation after she completes her sentence.	U. S.	Texas	0
De Blasio has castigated Trump for months throughout the primary and general election for not sharing his values and called him a “racist.	De Blasio	Trump	3
’ ’Trump, whose late brother was an alcoholic, criticized the magazine Modern Drunkard.	Trump	Modern Drunkard	3
Earlier this week, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Nicolas Chartier, one of the film's four producers, would not be welcome at Sunday's ceremony.	the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences	Nicolas Chartier	3
” Moon also emphasizes that the AAP is ”pretty persnickety at trying to base our recommendations on the literature.	Moon	AAP	1
Kennedy had always been the runoff election’s in a state that overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump.	Kennedy	Donald Trump	0
Democratic lawmakers have also pointed out that many Americans only have a single internet provider serving their community, leaving them no choice but to accept whatever data collection practices are in place if they want internet service.	Democratic	Americans	0
The Friends of Syria will condemn countries that provide weapons to Assad's government and denounce its use of Scud missiles within Syria, a source in the Rome talks said.	The Friends of Syria	Assad	1
 Former U. S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday unveiled design plans for his Chicago presidential center, which he hopes will serve as a training site for future generations of leaders. 	U. S. President Barack Obama	Chicago	0
Most of the world didn’t know anyone lived in the highlands of Papua New Guinea until the 1930s, when Australian gold prospectors surveying the area realized there were about a million people there.	Papua New Guinea	Australian	0
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is now polling ahead of Hillary Clinton, according to a new CNN poll released this morning. 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Trump later criticized Kelly for the questions, saying she had “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever.	Trump	Kelly	3
On Sunday, in the hours after the attack on officers in Baton Rouge, La. police reformers were quick to condemn the killings 	Baton Rouge	La. police	0
Sonic booms from fighter jets flying offshore were mistaken for earthquakes by residents along coastal New Jersey and Long Island on Thursday afternoon, authorities said.	New Jersey	Long Island	0
Conservatives have sided with government moves to expel Shin, accusing her of ignoring North Korea's abysmal human rights conditions.	Conservatives	Shin	3
While Valeant has not decided to sell any major business thus far, the move represents the clearest indication yet that the Canadian drug maker needs to divest assets to bolster its finances, the people said this week. 	Valeant	Canadian	0
When Uygur turned it down, he told viewers that he’d made a moral stand against the network sidelining him because he criticized the Obama administration from the left.	Uygur	Obama	3
The Turkish government has cracked down on independent media since an attempted coup on July 15, shutting down at least 45 newspapers and 16 TV stations, The Associated Press reports.	Turkish	The Associated Press	0
All right, Chris Christie endorsing Trump.	Chris Christie	Trump	1
On a similar front, Independent candidate Arianna Huffington (search) dropped out of California's gubernatorial recall race Tuesday night and threw her support behind the Democrats in an effort to keep the governorship from front-runner Schwarzenegger's hands.	Arianna Huffington	Schwarzenegger	3
 Last week, the Chinese demonstrated that they have Donald Trump’s number.	Chinese	Donald Trump’s	0
Anthony sparked the fourth quarter run that brought the Rockets back to a single-digit deficit.	Anthony	Rockets	0
"As a result, Moody's downgraded RPI's credit rating twice, and describes the financial outlook for RPI as ""negative.""Of course, when operating as a business, there are many ways to pay a top executive's hefty salary and recoup huge financial losses."	Moody's	RPI	3
In February, Takata pleaded guilty to a U.S. felony charge related to the recalls, as part of a $1 billion settlement which includes compensation funds for automakers and victims of its faulty air bag inflators.	Takata	U.S.	4
A State Department spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that “the United States believes strongly in Internet freedom and supports the principle that has been recognized in successive multilateral resolutions that the same human rights people have offline must also be protected online.	State Department	BuzzFeed News	0
Some of the top CEO’s of technology companies in America met with Donald Trump at the White House on Monday, praising him for hosting an afternoon summit on important tech issues.	America	Donald Trump	0
Not satisfied with just losing gobs of money on each car that Tesla builds, CEO Elon Musk just revealed his “Master Plan” to “try to take over the world” 	Tesla	Elon Musk	0
One note, is that the team didnt have Daniel Ross active in the game, instead choosing to have offensive guard Xavier	Daniel Ross	Xavier	3
60 Minutes executive producer Jeff Fager said he was fired because I sent a text message to one of our own CBS reporters demanding that she be fair in covering the story and not because of sexual harassment allegations.	Jeff Fager	CBS	3
 Speaking at the Values Voter Summit on Saturday, Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin alluded to Thomas Jefferson’s famous aphorism about the need to periodically water the tree of liberty with the blood of patriots and tyrants. 	Matt Bevin	Thomas Jefferson’s	0
But all along, even as Ryan has telegraphed occasional disapproval, he’s never outright said he’d be wary to be third in line in a Trump presidency.	Ryan	Trump	0
Donald Trump on Monday condemned the calling it a ”violation of all rules of civilized order” and saying it was carried out by a ”radical Islamic terrorist.	Donald Trump	Islamic	3
It’s quite obvious that establishment Republicans are in trouble,” said Fritsch, who argues that campaign contributions are coming in from across the country.	Republicans	Fritsch	4
A number of GOP senators said Medicaid cuts, doubts about coverage for conditions and the possibility that older people could be charged more than younger ones were major concerns.	GOP	Medicaid	0
As Colin Kaepernick continues to drop to a knee, so do the NFL’s ratings.	Colin Kaepernick	NFL	0
Around six weeks before the clash in Johannesburg the elder of the two, Kevin-Prince, had, although a Ghana player, made a substantial contribution to Germanys World Cup plans.	Kevin-Prince	Germanys	1
The United Kingdom, however, came out strongly in support of the US action.	The United Kingdom	US	1
"Smith noted that efforts to push cost-cutting into the supplier base through Boeing's ""partnering for success initiative"" were still just getting started, and there was more to go."	Smith	Boeing	0
10 children among the dead leading the United Nations to replace a scheduled Security Council session for Wednesday morning with an emergency meeting.	the United Nations	Security Council Council	0
"In a statement, Boeing said it cooperated with U.S. authorities.""We appreciate that the government brought its concerns about a potential compromise of our protected computer systems to our attention,"" the company said in an email."	Boeing	U.S.	1
The Patriots offense will make a big improvement after four games and everyone will hit upon the notion that Brady is rather valuable.	Patriots	Brady	1
Donald Trump on Monday condemned the calling it a ”violation of all rules of civilized order” and saying it was carried out by a ”radical Islamic terrorist.	Donald Trump	Islamic	3
Andrzej Wajda, the acclaimed Polish director whose films reflected his country’s turbulent history, has died at the age of 90.	Andrzej Wajda	Polish	0
A Qatari government spokesman said Doha was reviewing the list of demands and that a formal response would be made by the foreign ministry and delivered to Kuwait, but added that the demands were not reasonable or actionable.	Qatari	Doha	0
Donald Trump has once again defended far-right protesters at the Charlottesville rally, saying they were not all neo-Nazis and white supremacists and laying the blame for the violence equally on what he called the 	Donald Trump	Charlottesville	1
Critics, including many in Congress, say Kay's findings do not support most of the Bush administration's prewar assertions that the United States faced an imminent, serious threat from Iraq's Saddam Hussein because of widespread and advanced Iraqi weapons programs.	Kay	Bush	3
On Haiti, he voiced concern at allegations of fraud in the recent first round of elections and pledged continued UN support to ensure that they reflect the will of the Haitian people.	UN	Haitian	0
Tupac Shakur was shot four times in a shooting in Las Vegas on Sept. 7, 1996, and died six days later.	Tupac Shakur	Las Vegas	0
Trump himself criticized Romney for delaying release of his tax returns, saying he “was hurt very badly” by that.	Trump	Romney	3
In past negotiations, North Korea has demanded the United States withdraw its troops and remove its nuclear umbrella of support for the South.	North Korea	the United States	3
But now shes going for the kill:Ryan is still endorsing Trump.	Ryan	Trump	1
Indeed, Hillary has suffered a major polling meltdown over the past week or so, hurtling from a lead to 4 points in the Washington News tracking poll.	Hillary	Washington News	0
Donald Trump has given a platform to racism and xenophobia in this country,” says Adrian Reyna, a advocate for immigration reform.	Donald Trump	Adrian Reyna	4
Flynet Pictures 6 Aled with Claire Fossett, wife and mother of his two childrenA BBC spokesman said: As Aled has previously confirmed, over recent weeks the BBC has been considering complaints about his past behaviour.	Aled	Claire Fossett	1
Justice Department officials have defended them as legal and an important way to prevent another attack on U.S. soil.	Justice Department	U.S.	0
As of January, the Philippine government estimates that more than 6, 000 people have been killed in relation to operations since Duterte took office, and more than 60 percent of these died as a result of an extrajudicial killing.	Philippine	Duterte	0
Defense Bill Gates has helped guide Obama forge a new era of respect and affection from America's uniformed military.	Bill Gates	Obama	1
On the day before President Trump’s inauguration, the outgoing Obama administration passed a directive banning the use of lead ammunition and fishing sinkers on federal land.	Trump	Obama	0
Trump has also praised Putin as a “strong leader.	Trump	Putin	1
The White House ultimately accepted defeat, with Trump aides acknowledging that they would continue to pay the subsidies, at least for now.	The White House	Trump	0
The difference between Clinton’s tone as a candidate and her paid remarks to the industry is evident when it comes to her comments on how drugmakers deal with the burden of paying high U. S. taxes and issues of costs.	Clinton	U. S.	0
Derry anti-war campaigner Frankie McMenamin said the former Labour leader was not welcome in Derry, telling the Derry Journal:I was involved in protests about the Iraqi War which Tony Blair was responsible for, Tony Blair is hated throughout the world and he has blood on his hands over Iraq.I will be voting for the U.K. to remain on June 23rd	Frankie McMenamin	Tony Blair	3
Arizona’s notorious immigration hardliner Sheriff Joe Arpaio has endorsed Trump for the presidency.	Sheriff Joe Arpaio	Trump	1
The bill would stipulate that if senators disapprove of the deal, Obama would lose his current power to waive certain economic penalties Congress has imposed on Iran.	Obama	Congress	1
"I'm not quite sure which Governor Romney we would be getting with respect to foreign policy.""It is not the first time Sununu has been criticised for comments about Obama."	Romney	Sununu	3
Rep. Justin Amash ( ) has been one of the loudest critics of President Donald Trump as scandal after scandal has hit the administration over its first few months.	Justin Amash	Donald Trump	0
Greeny celebrities and leftist launched into widespread and often difficult to understand condemnations of President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement Wednesday.	President Donald Trump	the United States	0
Nehlen, in a narrowly crafted announcement Friday, praised Trump for endorsing Ryan, saying the decision was “appropriate” and a sign of “true leadership.	Nehlen	Trump	1
"He praised the party, in particular, for continuing to work on the bill after it failed to clear the House the first time.""They kept working, they kept talking,"" Gingrich said."	House	Gingrich	0
Bill Clinton on Friday stopped short of saying he was sorry for a recent clash with Black Lives Matter protesters.	Bill Clinton	Black Lives Matter	0
Felipe Massa 7)Alonso went from sixth on the grid to second to cut Vettels lead to 10 points.	Felipe Massa	Vettels	0
"Since I wrote this, Suskind released an audio recording of Dunn's ""hostile workplace"" complaint, to prove she made it."	Suskind	Dunn	3
UFC president Dana White said on Friday that he would pay $25m apiece to Floyd Mayweather Jr and and MMA star Conor McGregor for a presumed boxing match with the split of additional revenue between the fighters to be determined.	Dana White	Floyd Mayweather Jr	0
As much as it may pain fans to accept it, Arsenal are playing for Champions League qualification now.	Arsenal	Champions League	0
Old critics, Meanwhile, eight GOP senators either opposed Trump or were withholding support even before the release of the audio.	GOP	Trump	0
POISON GAS Western countries, Turkey and most Arab states oppose both Assad’s government and Islamic State, while supporting other factions.	Arab	Assad	3
The boss of Legal Sea Foods has raised a stink for referring to Hillary Clinton as “cold fish” in a provocative ad.	Legal Sea Foods	Hillary Clinton	0
In theory, Obama could have used that discretion to try to deliberately wreck schools in America and then blame the already unpopular Bush’s already unpopular law for the wreckage. 	Obama	Bush	3
"A TV production source said: ""There is a big money offer on the table for the couple and cameras want to start filming them as soon as they leave the villa.""There is a huge interest in capturing the moment that Jack finally meets Danny in person, something hes been nervous about since day"	Jack	Danny	0
Elkan Abramowitz, who represented Allen at the time of the original investigation into abuse two decades ago, told NBC News that the timing is suspect, and linked the accusations to Allens recent Golden Globes life achievement award.Nothings happened, they havent had any relationship for the last 20 years.	Elkan Abramowitz	Allen	3
Last week the World Agency, the international body that polices doping in sports, released a damning report that charged Russia with operating a prolific doping program spanning 30 sports over several years.	the World Agency	Russia	3
"Kurtley Beale would be mad not to accept it,"" Reynolds said."	Kurtley Beale	Reynolds	0
He smiled that there were two things CBB champ Coleen said that couldn't be trusted...	CBB	Coleen	0
U.S. intelligence chiefs in May publicly expressed doubt about the safety of Kaspersky products for the first time, although they offered no specific evidence of any wrongdoing.	U.S.	Kaspersky	3
The incident triggered a diplomatic row, with Italy accusing India of breaching its territorial jurisdiction by arresting the marines in international waters.	Italy	India	3
Coinciding with the start of the Rio Olympics, Abbas’ Fatah party listed one of its main achievements as having “killed 11, 000 Israelis.	Abbas	Israelis	0
However, Miss Goodger is shaking off the haters  even if she hasn't quite heard Charlotte's criticism.	Goodger	Charlotte	4
Not because the Colts will be appreciably better this year than last or because Andrew Luck will finally reach his supposed Hall of Fame potential.	Colts	Andrew Luck	0
But it is quite likely that the Sarkozy remedy would be worse than the disease; and it is significant that the defeated third candidate, Francois Bayrou, while initially withholding support for either of the second-round candidates, has complained of Sarkozy's 'taste for intimidation and	Sarkozy	Francois Bayrou	4
More than 300 Verizon employees picketed outside a regional office of the telecommunications giant in Manhattan on Wednesday, claiming management is targeting them for givebacks.	Verizon	Manhattan	0
Mr. Trump might still be riding high in central Pennsylvania steel towns, but there are plenty of signs that his support remains weak in precisely the districts where House Republicans are most vulnerable.	Trump	Republicans	0
The Dallas Morning News has taken a hit in subscriptions after its early September endorsement of Hillary Clinton.	The Dallas Morning News	Hillary Clinton	1
Ossoff also doesn’t live in the district, and many Republicans battered him in attack ads because of it.	Ossoff	Republicans	4
” Still, Stone was heading to Moscow to film Snowden for an appearance in the movie, which could be seen as an endorsement. 	Stone	Snowden	1
Foster’s death sparked years of from Clinton’s opponents about whether the facts behind his death were covered up to hide financial misbehavior.	Foster	Clinton	0
Ron Perry, told the newspaper the Orlando attack ”opens up a lot of old wounds. . ..	Ron Perry	Orlando	0
The legal pressure signals a new front in Washington's fight against Swiss bank secrecy, a battle that in recent years has resulted in scores of Swiss bankers and advisers being charged, dozens of American clients indicted and several large banks investigated.	Washington	Swiss	3
Democrats have started a series of protests this week that could intensify as the Senate approaches that vote.	Democrats	Senate	0
Six people have been killed and another 18 wounded after a gunmen opened fire at a mosque in Québec City, in an act condemned as a “terrorist attack” by Canada’s prime minister.	Québec City	Canada	0
While Ukraine's foreign ministry accused Russia of attempting to destabilise the Donbass region of which Avdiivka is a part.	Ukraine	Russia	3
Schlafly also criticizes the Federalist Society for not being, and never being, .	Schlafly	the Federalist Society	3
Congressional Republicans returned to Washington this week flush with the kind of power their party hasn’t seen for a decade, and it didn’t take long to scratch out their wish lists for what they want to do with it.	Republicans	Washington	0
One of the protesters at DePaul University yesterday had some gentle words of peace, compassion and tolerance for a Trump supporter at the event.	DePaul University	Trump	0
Lukashenko said he was only able to pay thanks to a $200 million loan from Azerbaijan president Ilham Aliyev.	Lukashenko	Ilham Aliyev	1
His best pal - and co-star - Declan Donnelly, along with ITV bosses, were fully supportive of his decision.	Declan Donnelly	ITV	0
Although Mark Zuckerberg is being polite about it, there’s absolutely no way that Facebook will start preventing people from sharing what they want to share.	Mark Zuckerberg	Facebook	0
Associated Press writer Zeke Miller contributed to this report.	Associated Press	Zeke Miller	1
So, in true Daniel Levy fashion, the Spurs chairman has attacked the situation with all guns blazing.	Daniel Levy	Spurs	0
Hollywood unleashed its contempt for Donald Trump Sunday night as the turned into a roast of the .	Hollywood	Donald Trump	3
The Koch reports state-by-state breakdown could help reinforce opposition among House and Senate lawmakers.	Koch	House	0
The Lions offensive line had only given up three sacks on the season and Lawrence dominated the game, equaling that total today.	Lions	Lawrence	1
, “Obama has long believed that Netanyahu could bring about a solution” to the conflict	Obama	Netanyahu	0
The German pilot had struggled with learning to fly and had failed a key test of his skills during training in the US, according to FBI interviews with his flight instructors.	German	FBI	0
The Justice Department also criticized BPD for firing guns at moving vehicles, which it said is “highly dangerous, ineffective, and may be constitutionally impermissible.	The Justice Department	BPD	3
— as many top Republicans either strongly condemned the comments or unendorsed the Manhattan billionaire altogether.	Republicans	Manhattan	3
Mr. McGurn does not attempt such acrobatics, and pursues the same thread throughout his piece: that it is becoming an accepted truism in American politics, after frequent repetition, that the absence of a criminal conviction is all that the voters have a right to expect from a political candidate to clear the bar of ethics and probity for suitability for election to high office.	McGurn	American	0
Close to 50 years after interracial marriages became legal across the U. S. the share of newlyweds married to a spouse of a different race or ethnicity has increased more than five times — from 3 percent in 1967, to 17 percent in 2015, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center.	the U. S.	the Pew Research Center	0
’’ ”ValueAct Capital, the $19 billion hedge fund led by Jeff Ubben, has swung back at the government’s civil suit against the firm.	ValueAct Capital	Jeff Ubben	0
 Donald Trump on Friday reportedly called for a nuclear “arms race” with Russia, one day after he and Vladimir Putin both said they wanted their countries to strengthen their nuclear arsenals, marking what could be a move away from decades of global disarmament.	Donald Trump	Vladimir Putin	0
That one, which was leaked to Politico.com at the end of May, deals with the Benghazi attack in September 2012, when US ambassador Chris Stevens and three colleagues were killed in a terrorist attack on the diplomatic compound in the Libyan city.	ambassador Chris Stevens	Libyan	0
Nacchio reported to the minimum-security satellite facility of the Federal Correctional Institution, Schuylkill in Minersville, Pa., on April 14 to start serving his sentence.	Nacchio	the Federal Correctional Institution	0
The younger Loughner is charged with trying to kill the Democratic lawmaker and killing a federal judge.I told them they didnt fail.	Loughner	Democratic	4
During the meeting, Prime Minister Ashraf appreciated Britains role in helping Pakistan promote education and healthcare.	Minister Ashraf	Britains	1
Carlson, however, claims that he was simply suggesting that Facebook hire news curators with a broader “diversity of views” in order to avoid the sort of leftwing bias they’ve been accused of.	Carlson	Facebook	3
The manager, Howard Heevner, did not have a lot of faith that Grant would be able to motivate his .	Howard Heevner	Grant	0
Democrats have questioned Republicans’ motives and accused them of squandering taxpayer dollars with lengthy investigations that have failed to uncover illegal activities.	Democrats	Republicans	3
First daughter Ivanka Trump began reaching out to the head of Planned Parenthood to find common ground after her father’s inauguration even as a report on Thursday said.	Ivanka Trump	Planned Parenthood	0
Two decades after his last film, the legendary Jerry Lewis performs a truly unfortunate encore playing an elderly widower in Daniel Noah’s morose and thoroughly unconvincing drama.	Jerry Lewis	Daniel Noah’s	0
” Mr. Woodward did keep quiet, until 1998, when the police knocked on his door and told him that Mr. Bennell faced charges of sexual abuse.	Woodward	Bennell	3
 On Dec. 7, 1988, northern Armenia was devastated by a near 7. 0 magnitude earthquake; 25, 000 were killed, thousands more injured, and hundreds of thousands left homeless in what was then a Soviet republic.	Armenia	Soviet	0
Trump did not mention a US commitment to uphold Article 5.	Trump	US	0
Mr. Kaine did not immediately respond to the remark, setting off on an answer about Mrs. Clinton’s own economic plans.	Kaine	Clinton	0
Corzine has not been accused of intentional misconduct, but a Congressional panel in November 2012 blamed his risky bets and ”dereliction of his duty” for MF Global’s demise. 	Corzine	Congressional	4
We condemn Israeli attempts to prevent Egyptians from deepening their revolution to build an independent, democratic and developed new Egypt by waging war against it.	Israeli	Egyptians	3
In April of that year, Zimmerman was charged with murder, with an affidavit accusing him of profiling Martin and ignoring a police dispatcher’s request that he wait for police.	Zimmerman	Martin	3
Of course, that then prompted Fournette and the NFLPA to file a grievance as its unclear as to whether the Jags can void guarantees.	Fournette	NFLPA	0
In a statement, Trump praised Hicks for her work over the last three years, saying he will miss having her by my side.	Trump	Hicks	1
Although some might hope that fallout from a surgical strike would be limited, a U. S. attack could provoke retaliation that triggers a second Korean War or the collapse of the Kim regime.	U. S.	Kim	0
In a statement, Ben Reininga, Vocativ’s editorial director, said Engel had been serving the public interest and welcomed the dismissal of the charge against him.	Ben Reininga	Engel	1
 (This version of the story corrects name of project manager to Karsten, not Kasper, in paragraph 5)	Karsten	Kasper	0
Winner also often wrote posts criticizing Trump, once calling him an orange fascist.the most dangerous entry to this country was the orange fascist we let into the white house	Winner	Trump	3
Mr. Trump has attacked Mexicans as criminals.	Trump	Mexicans	3
The Washington Post’s website now prefaces the article with three rebuttals, a response from the authors defending their work, and a article contending that the findings “were biased and that the authors’ data do not provide evidence of voting in US elections”.	The Washington Post’s	US	3
More than one Republican told me Monday that they plan to support releasing the Democratic memo to the public after a period of time comparable to the Republican example.	Republican	Democratic	1
Denver Post staff writer John Aguilar contributed to this story.	Denver Post	John Aguilar	0
Clinton’s actions have been reckless and have directly led to the loss of American lives.	Clinton	American	4
Trump, in response, fired off tweets calling Dowd a “neurotic dope.	Trump	Dowd	0
"The US 10-year yield (2.40%) is about 200 basis points more than the German 10-year (0.38%), and the spread between the two is the widest its been in 27 years.""Investor fears of higher interest rates have caused volatility, which we believe presents opportunities in the fixed income markets,"" Sarni says."	German	Sarni	2
But decades earlier, Fidel Castro himself didn’t have such praise for the founder of Communist China.	Fidel Castro	Communist	3
The House passed the legislation by voice vote on Friday, months after the Senate OK’d the measure back in	House	Senate	0
— has produced a Islam in the region, says Ashraf Kaddakal, a professor at the University of Kerala.	Islam	Ashraf Kaddakal	0
New Jersey Republican Scott Garrett also finds himself in hot water because of comments he reportedly made last cycle disparaging the National Republican Congressional Committee for supporting gay candidates.	Republican Scott Garrett	the National Republican Congressional Committee	3
In the past, Trump has praised and questioned Turkey’s leadership.	Trump	Turkey	1
President Donald Trump on Friday angrily accused Iran of violating the spirit of the landmark 2015 nuclear deal, accusing it of a long list of malign behavior and hitting its main military wing with terrorism sanctions.	President Donald Trump	Iran	3
Later, Clinton supporters (though not the candidate or campaign, according to available information) began circulating the rumor that Barack Obama was born abroad.	Clinton	Barack Obama	0
A Chinese company called Boyalife Genomics is planning to open a factory the size of three football fields in Tianjin this year, and what they’ll be manufacturing is … cows. 	Chinese	Boyalife Genomics	0
President Obama arrived in New York City on Sunday evening for three days that will mix politics with a farewell to the world stage at the United Nations.	President Obama	New York City	0
His command was in an out, though, and Cain paid for it in the sixth when he walked Dee Gordon, who promptly stole his third bag of the day.	Cain	Dee Gordon	0
While some criminal offences, usually for prison sentences of more than 12 months, can result in an application being automatically rejected, the terms Messi’s conviction means that he is unlikely to be denied a permit, even if the outcome of Brexit meant that EU citizens were forced to apply in future.	Messi	EU	0
"when Naomi allegedly accused Konye of texting her boyfriend and called her an ""ugly monster"".And now, five years since the attack, Naomi has revealed:"	Naomi	Konye	3
Nobody has been so far able to produce such evidence and it seems that incriminating Iran is mostly an excuse and a cover for what Israel has done.	Iran	Israel	3
Sen. John McCain ( ) interrupted Harris, complaining that she was not letting the witnesses answer her questions.	John McCain	Harris	0
Warsaw would welcome an influx of financial professionals with open arms, in contrast to many more affluent European cities.	Warsaw	European	0
Republicans have long wanted to turn Medicaid into a block grant program, with each state receiving a fixed dollar amount and more freedom to structure the program to its liking, and many estimates believe that would also lead to reduced coverage.	Republicans	Medicaid	0
A farewell to the King turned somber when Jack Nicklaus, his voice cracking as a large tear formed in his left eye, urged the elite and the everyman to remember how Arnold Palmer touched their lives and “please don’t forget why.	Jack Nicklaus	Arnold Palmer	1
According to Pamela the term is an absolute joke and for Andrews bewildered family further hurt has been caused by Gills mother Sherron OHagan.	Pamela	Andrews	3
Former Wells Fargo employees tell NPR that managers at the bank retaliated against them for calling the company’s ethics line and pushing back against reckless sales practices.	Wells Fargo	NPR	0
Donald Trump, the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee, said in a Tuesday interview he doesn’t plan to release his tax returns before November.	Donald Trump	the Republican Party’s	0
Phyllis Schlafly’s obituaries were windows on the roots of the right wing’s ascension in American politics.	Phyllis Schlafly’s	American	0
One of his advisers, Josh Penry, also told Politico that Coffman is genuinely critical of Trump and feels cutting this ad was the right decision. 	Josh Penry	Coffman	0
I’d choose four more years of Obama,” said David Duncan, the Texas delegate who initially answered my query by quipping that he’d shoot himself.	Obama	David Duncan	2
But victims of the 1,700 slaughtered in June 2014  when the army students were divided by sect and murdered if judged to be Shia Muslims  praised President Masum's decision.	Shia Muslims	President Masum	1
Melissa Click may not know it, but since being fired by the University of Missouri, she’s already taken up another important role: unintentional destroyer of college campuses’ PC edifice.	Melissa Click	the University of Missouri	0
The results show that the vaunted anti-immigrant movement is loud but not large, and that Republican primary voters are more pragmatic and open to reform than right-wing media pretends.Nationally, GOP leaders are intent on gaining, at a minimum, the six seats needed to win a Senate majority in the fall.	Republican	GOP	0
His government opponent, Lenin Moreno, has said Assange would remain welcome, albeit with conditions.	Lenin Moreno	Assange	1
Saudi financial group Al Rajhi also owns 37%, and the remaining 26% is owned by Petra's Black Economic Empowerment partners, which includes a workers' share trust.	Saudi	Al Rajhi	1
The White House has confirmed that the U.S. will promote the efficient use of coal, nuclear energy, and natural gas as an answer to climate change in a presentation to delegates in Bonn.	The White House	U.S.	1
Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim has condemned speculation that the captain of a missing Malaysian airliner - a member of his party and a distant relative - may have had political motives to sabotage the plane.	Malaysian	Anwar Ibrahim	0
McMasters familiar bipartisan Beltway camp holds that Islam simply must be good because it is a centuries-old religion that nearly 2 billion people accept.	McMasters	Islam	1
Richie Merzian, the climate and energy program director at the Australia Institute, said the CEFC was well placed to support clean hydrogen development and that hydrogen made using water and renewable energy was a rare and opportune industry for Australia to transition its energy exports.But	Richie Merzian	the Australia Institute	1
 Federal police in Brazil urged prosecutors on Friday to bring corruption charges against former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa, according to police documents seen by Reuters.	Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva	Marisa	0
On Friday, Republican National Committee and Trump campaign staffers held what one described as an “emergency meeting” at the Ritz Carlton in Orlando.	Republican National Committee	Trump	0
According to court documents filed Wednesday, Cleveland is seeking $450 for the advanced life support Rice received while in the ambulance, plus $50 to cover mileage.	Cleveland	Rice	0
And then in 2012 a British producer invited him to appear in a West End production of Neil Simon’s “	British	Neil Simon’s	0
A PKK offshoot claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings in the capital Ankara over the past month which killed 66 people.	PKK	Ankara	0
"For me, it's much better to play against her.""Pennetta, the No. 5 seed from Italy, will meet Russia's Svetlana Kuznetsova in the semifinals."	Italy	Russia	0
President Trump has called that story phony, but critics say it was inappropriate for the president to fire Comey while that investigation is going on. 	Trump	Comey	0
McCaskill faulted Reid for failing to open up floor debates and staging votes that were destined to fail but win political points.	McCaskill	Reid	3
In July, five Dallas police officers were killed when a black U. S. military veteran opened fire in a sniper attack during a protest against police shootings of black men.	Dallas police	U. S.	0
”Secretary Clinton’s attack misleads Michigan voters and others who supported the auto loans,” wrote Hennessey, ”She is playing semantic games in an attempt to create a policy difference where none exists.	Clinton	Hennessey	4
wore on, he started to not know where he was, Serra coach Craig Gianinno said.	Serra	Craig Gianinno	0
Democrats have accused Icahn of which he has denied.	Democrats	Icahn	3
The Arab Sunni nations accuse Qatar of supporting radical groups, including allowing or encouraging financial support.	Arab Sunni	Qatar	3
Few understand how powerfully Jack Greenberg shaped the practice of civil rights law and the breadth of his contributions to our modern conception of equal opportunity and justice,” said Sherrilyn Ifill, the LDF’s current in a statement Wednesday.	Jack Greenberg	Sherrilyn Ifill	2
Then, as now, the Clinton campaign blamed the Russians.	Clinton	Russians	3
He specifically pointed to Trump's nomination of Justice Neil Gorsuch and his move endorsing Tenth Amendment guidelines that allow states to defund Planned Parenthood.	Trump	Neil Gorsuch	1
And Zeke has acknowledged that he can forgive Varner’s mistake.	Zeke	Varner	0
Facebook Inc. is working on automatically flagging offensive material in live video streams, building on a growing effort to use artificial intelligence to monitor content, said Joaquin Candela, the company’s director of applied machine learning.	Facebook Inc.	Joaquin Candela	0
Eli Stokols writes in Politico on the recent reports that former President George H. W. Bush and other members of the Bush family will be voting for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.	Eli Stokols	George H. W. Bush	0
Jeremy Boreing, executive director of the original Friends of Abe, told the Guardian that a disgruntled former member, David Cole, had tricked other members by hijacking the name and mimicking events.	Jeremy Boreing	David Cole	3
"Jarvis attacked the AARP, stating: ""The problem is, there's never been a tax increase they didn't love, there's never been a tax cut they didn't hate, and they are definitely against traditional values."	Jarvis	AARP	3
The Bahraini monarchy, in turn, credibly accuses Iran of seeking to destabilize the country by exacerbating tensions.	Bahraini	Iran	3
Some Democrats on the panel criticized Perry for placing the climate issue at odds with economic concerns.	Democrats	Perry	3
In Pakistan, a court in Punjab province has sentenced a man to death over posting allegedly blasphemous content on social media.	Pakistan	Punjab province	0
two daysLondon Welsh may fight on over five-point loss for ineligible playerLondon Welsh's chief executive, Tony Copsey, has not ruled out taking the club's legal fight further after they failed to overturn a five-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player.	Welsh	Tony Copsey	3
The Rubio team has criticized Cruz for voting against National Defense Authorization Acts, suggesting that he’s weak on defense.	Rubio	Cruz	3
Trump, without evidence, has blamed his sagging poll numbers on a rigged election, and said the media had fixed the opinion polls in order to inflate Clinton’s numbers.	Trump	Clinton	3
Longoria was buried with full military honors in Arlington Cemetery thanks to a young U.S. Senator named Lyndon B. Johnson.	Longoria	Lyndon B. Johnson	2
Meanwhile, American Tradition Partnership has been sending out attack ads to influence the outcome of a Republican legislative election slated for the state's June 5 primaries.	American Tradition Partnership	Republican	1
The killings, many of which have been claimed by the Taliban as evidence of insurgent reach and infiltration, have eroded trust between the NATO-Afghan allies and are complicating plans for transition to Afghan security within two years.	Taliban	NATO	3
The illegal immigrant charged with killing Sarah Root while drunk, entered the U. S. as an “unaccompanied child” three years ago, according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.	Sarah Root	Immigration and Customs Enforcement	0
But the Blackwater incidents demonstrate that the Justice Department has some very strange ideas about how it is to fulfill its responsibilities.	Blackwater	the Justice Department	0
Over the past year, Renzi has worried that this would lead to a collapse of several major Italian banks, which could trigger a broader financial crisis.	Renzi	Italian	0
It took legal threats, a public-relations offensive, and a Facebook campaign to get Howell back on campus.	Facebook	Howell	0
On April 6, 1917, the U. S. declared war on Germany and formally entered World War I.	the U. S.	Germany	0
The future, AQAP’s fortunes will in great part depend on whether Yemen as a state falls into the abyss or is somehow patched back together thanks to international mediation.	AQAP	Yemen	0
If Trump had raised these statistics and said black people needed to simply work harder, these same people would be arguing that candidates needed to be talking about what they were going to do address the systemic causes of devastatingly high poverty and unemployment rates that black Americans experience.	Trump	Americans	0
Now Chaffetz has reversed course, saying on Twitter this week that while he won’t defend or endorse Trump, ”I am voting for him.	Chaffetz	Trump	0
Hillary Clinton is maintaining a six to seven point lead over Donald Trump in Michigan, according to two new polls 	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
ISIS frequently uses car bombs to attack, and until this year, U. S. and coalition forces had to hold back, to get senior military approval before calling in airstrikes. 	ISIS	U. S.	0
When that last-chance mediation failed, Khartoum insisted that the rebels who hadn't signed up should be expelled from the Darfur ceasefire commission.	Khartoum	Darfur	3
Some Hollywood figures, notably Jon Voight, support Trump but it is unclear if any will take the opportunity to defend him on Sunday.	Jon Voight	Trump	1
Former Minnesota Vikings punter Chris Kluwe, an outspoken advocate of marriage equality throughout 2012, said yesterday that he has witnesses who will attest to his jarring claim that the Vikings' assistant coach told him, 	Minnesota Vikings	Chris Kluwe	0
But Trump refusing to concede would flip the bird to a long American tradition of accepting a loss in a presidential election.	Trump	American	0
ICELAND has sparked a frenzy by announcing the launch of more Slimming World products.	ICELAND	Slimming World	1
 Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. on Thursday said free speech and religious liberty hang in the balance at the Supreme Court and warned of other issues along the “constitutional fault lines” that might confront the divided justices.	Samuel A. Alito Jr.	the Supreme Court	0
Trump, meanwhile, was candid about the political ramifications of not supporting the bill, which he likened to an act of betrayal, and pointedly reminded lawmakers of his popularity among the Republican base.	Trump	Republican	1
A lecturer at the University of Virginia is taking time away from the classroom after he compared the Black Lives Matter movement to the Ku Klux Klan in a recent online post, university officials said.	the University of Virginia	Black Lives Matter	0
it was Southampton who prevailed thanks to the Italians early brace.	Southampton	Italians	1
At times he does it deftly, but make no mistake, every day Senator Sanders is launching another attack, and that’s not how he said he would run his campaign,” said Joel Benenson, Mr. Clinton’s campaign strategist.	Sanders	Joel Benenson	4
Despite the numbers Cousins has produced, the Redskins are still a team searching for a winning formula and identity.	Cousins	Redskins	1
Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement shut down the Interstate 405, the busiest highway in the United States, late Sunday evening.	Black Lives Matter	the United States	0
Picard had accused the owners of ignoring warning signs that Madoff was running a fraud.	Picard	Madoff	3
"How does a word enter what Merriam-Webster says is the best-selling U.S. dictionary?""The answer is simple: usage,"" according to Merriam-Webster."	Merriam-Webster	U.S.	0
Trump’s instincts were on full display in his reaction to the Orlando terrorist attack.	Trump	Orlando	0
The globalists in world politics and international finance are celebrating a somber occasion in Davos, media reports indicate, as their influence on the global stage is waning rapidly in the wake of the U. K. referendum to leave the European Union and the U. S. election of Donald Trump to the presidency.	the European Union	Donald Trump	0
In Baghdad on Monday, Kerry said Maliki assured him the new parliament, elected two months ago, would meet a July 1 deadline to start forming a new government.	Kerry	Maliki	1
 What Hillary Clinton’s nomination means for women (and which ones); moving beyond internet outrage in the case against Brock Turner. 	Hillary Clinton’s	Brock Turner	0
Many were destroyed during and after the Persian Gulf War, but the Bush administration had accused Iraq of continuing to hide Scuds.	Bush administration	Iraq	3
Withholding the attacks she used to lob across the aisle, Clinton instead mourned what she described as the effective fall of the Republican Party to the white nationalist movement known as the an informal but sprawling network of activists who have gained particular notoriety for their online harassment of Jewish and minority writers across both parties.	Clinton	Jewish	0
 Time magazine decided to troll economically literate Americans this week with an alarmist cover story about the national debt: 	Time	Americans	0
The lawyer for a Somali immigrant living in Minnesota who was arrested for ties to terrorism has filed a motion to have his client released on bond.	Somali	Minnesota	0
Though Trump won’t get much credit for it, the last few weeks were a triumph for American diplomacy.	Trump	American	0
As Judge Gorsuch’s nomination comes to the floor, I will support a threshold for approval, an appropriate high bar that has been met by seven of the eight current Supreme Court justices.	Gorsuch	Supreme Court	0
But Uruguayan has been critical of how Sunderland are	Uruguayan	Sunderland	3
China intends to limit the amount clubs are spending on overseas players after the repeated breaking of the Asian transfer record.	China	Asian	0
Meanwhile, the European Parliament will vote on Wednesday on a motion that accuses Polish authorities of undermining “constitutional democracy.	the European Parliament	Polish	3
Regime forces, with Russian support, are advancing toward the Turkish border, threatening to cut off opposition groups and civilians from their source of aid.	Russian	Turkish	0
During the ceremony in the opera house, the Kennedy Center chairman, David Rubenstein, thanked the Obamas and noted that the president was not required to attend the honours or host a reception.	David Rubenstein	Obamas	1
The only real obstacle in Keystones way from within government is the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which this week sent a letter to the State Department criticizing its draft report on Keystone.	the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency	the State Department	3
’”Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd on Sunday confronted Donald Trump about his shifting positions on proposals.	Chuck Todd	Donald Trump	3
The White House has accused Democrats of being “OBSTRUCTIONISTS!”	The White House	Democrats	3
Trump has sharply criticized Mexico and vowed to make it pay for a U. S. border wall.	Trump	Mexico	3
An InSight Crime analysis agrees that violence has been dropping in the region, though it does note that official crime rates can be manipulated, and questions whether Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernandez is responsible for driving down the homicide rate, as hes claimed.	InSight Crime	Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernandez	3
First, there was The Da Vinci Code, the 2006 blockbuster based on the novel by Dan Brown, directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks in a mullet so bizarre and improbable that it seemed to have floated in from another dimension.	Dan Brown	Ron Howard	0
A CNN investigation found that the NCAA has failed to open investigations in several cases where safety rules allegedly were broken.	CNN	NCAA	3
Islamic State seized Palmyra in May from government forces in a sudden offensive and is tightly controlling communications in the city, according to activists.	Islamic State	Palmyra	0
Knicks president Phil Jackson is out West, eventually heading to his Montana ranch at Flathead Lake.	Knicks president Phil Jackson	Montana	0
The prospect of prolonged uncertainty in the euro zones third-largest economy caused sharp falls on world markets immediately following the election result, but they calmed on Wednesday after solid demand for Italian government debt at an auction, with European bonds, shares and the euro all boosted.	Italian	European	0
California lawmakers’ decision to tap Holder, a lifelong Democrat, seems fitting given his public criticism of Trump.	Holder	Trump	3
An afternoon Trump event drew 30, 000 supporters to Cleveland’s International Exposition Center.	Trump	Cleveland	0
"IRL Secretary General Tiit Riisalo said the numerous violations should be condemned but that at least Kross has honestly admitted to his mistakes.""Eerik's strength on the one hand and weakness on the other is that he does everything very passionately."	Tiit Riisalo	Kross	1
The singed remains of an old fridge dumped on the side of a street are the only sign of an outbreak of violence that erupted after protests in El Valle, a gritty neighbourhood in Caracas.	El Valle	Caracas	0
In any event, the result was “lost trust with the Sunni community” and the abandoning of an important window into what was really happening inside Iraq, said retired Army Col.	Sunni	Army	0
Throughout his presidential campaign Donald Trump has relentlessly criticized Hillary Clinton’s vote to authorize the Iraq War.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
 Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder apologized to the residents of Flint for a water crisis that has prompted outrage, federal scrutiny and lawsuits, vowing to seek assistance for the city’s residents.	Michigan	Rick Snyder	0
In a statement on Thursday, Huckabee clarified that he has not endorsed Graham, and said he was upset that the group had misrepresented his praise of the senator...	Huckabee	Graham	3
Zaman Almanya currently has 14,300 subscribers to its print edition in Germany, home to three million people of Turkish origin.	Zaman Almanya	Turkish	0
As a result, I think I missed kick-off the night I was there to see England play France.	England	France	0
Florida Crystals Corp. a producer and defender of the product, said in a statement it is reviewing the FDA’s guidance but is ”not yet in a position to fully comment on it.	Florida Crystals Corp.	FDA	0
"It draws people in.""For more than 30 years, Reyes, dubbed the ""running priest"" by the local media, has been a constant critic of corruption in the Philippines and often times the church itself, which he charges has abandoned its obligation to help the poor and sided with those in power in Asia's largest Roman Catholic nation."	Reyes	Roman Catholic	0
percent in the KFF poll said they thought the party would be responsible for problems moving forward, compared with 30 percent who saw Democrats as the culprits. 	KFF	Democrats	3
She went on to make around 300 films in five different languages, often with the actor Jeetendra, finding fame in the 1980s with huge blockbusters, then stepping away from the business in the late 1990s after marrying the producer Boney Kapoor.	Jeetendra	Boney Kapoor	0
Trade group USTelecom Chief Executive Jonathan Spalter in a statement praised Trump for ”stopping rules that would have created a confusing and conflicting consumer privacy framework.	Jonathan Spalter	Trump	1
In recognition of the troubles that may lie ahead, Mark Boleat, the policy chairman for the City of London Corporation, the heart of Britain’s financial services industry, urged Mrs. May to swiftly secure a transition deal that would provide the certainty that businesses crave.	Mark Boleat	May	0
Remarkably, Trump has managed to separate himself from the political establishment that he has been underwriting for years by rhetorically attacking Washington’s infatuation with illegal aliens.	Trump	Washington	3
Emily Reinwald, 21, of Stafford, Va. of Yale College Republicans, said she and another Trump supporter shook a bottle of champagne and popped the cork early Wednesday outside their campus residence.	Emily Reinwald	Trump	1
"his Facebook page, McCormick expressed doubts about witnesses' accounts that Brown had his hands raised as he was shot.""Ok"	McCormick	Brown	0
Opposition leaders, who say they will boycott the assembly, accuse Maduro of leading the OPEC member toward dictatorship by delaying elections and jailing opposition activists, while food and medicine run short and inflation is believed to be in the triple digits.	Maduro	OPEC	3
President Nieto could try to embarrass him, and Trump could make rhetorical mistakes — 	Nieto	Trump	0
Watson strove to hit her way out of the doldrums but her frustrations cost her dearly when Cadantu punished her for rashly charging the net in the eighth game.	Watson	Cadantu	4
The only coalition member known to self-report financial contributions to the group is eBay, which voluntarily revealed a $5,000 payment for membership dues in 2012.Last year, the coalition, which says it represents a $1.3 trillion industry with 7.8 million private-sector workers, lobbied Congress and the U.S. Postal Service.	eBay	Congress	1
North Korea threatened the US with “merciless” attacks if an aircraft carrier steaming to the area violates the rogue nation’s “sovereignty and dignity,” according to a report.	North Korea	US	3
And the charges against Kenyan most wanted wildlife criminal Feisal Mohamed Ali only carry a minimum sentence of $16,000, despite his alleged involvement in a range of criminal activities.	Kenyan	Feisal Mohamed Ali	3
The Baltimore native is now a community activist who started the BeMore Group.	Baltimore	the BeMore Group	1
By that time, the United States had been sending women to space for about 10 years, starting with Sally Ride’s mission in 1983.	the United States	Sally Ride’s	0
On Friday, Republican National Committee and Trump campaign staffers held what one described as an “emergency meeting” at the Ritz Carlton in Orlando.	Republican National Committee	Trump	0
Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Barron Trump and other members of the Trump family got out of the motorcade to walk along the parade route as it moved toward the White House.	Donald Trump	Melania Trump	0
Winifred Robinson returned to the estate in Liverpool where she grew up, near the scene of Rhys Jones's murder, and produced an account of how the community has changed in 30 years.	Winifred Robinson	Rhys Jones's	0
During those times, Durant said Hawes has offered all support; nothing else.	Durant	Hawes	1
But De Maiziere, a strong advocate of increased video surveillance, said German gun laws were already very strict and it was critical to understand how the attacker had obtained his pistol. 	De Maiziere	German	1
Robert F Kennedy Jr, a prominent skeptic regarding the use of vaccines, said Donald Trump had asked him to chair a commission on vaccination safety 	Robert F Kennedy Jr	Donald Trump	0
The Cuban government offered little unified response until the Communist Party’s Seventh Party Congress began Saturday, and one official after another warned that the U. S. was still an enemy that wants to take control of Cuba.	Cuban	the Communist Party’s Seventh Party Congress	0
Park did not respond to reporters’ questions as she emerged from the building after nearly 22 hours and got into a waiting car to be driven to her private home in the capital, Seoul.	Park	Seoul	0
"But after Franzen had concluded his speech, in which he thanked Winfrey for her ""advocacy"" of reading and called books ""the most lovely things human beings make,"" the response was warm and sustained."	Franzen	Winfrey	1
Trump is channeling this disgust and those among the political elite who quake before the boombox of media blather do not appreciate the apocalyptic choice that America faces on November 8th.	Trump	America	0
 Investigators suspect unknown hackers installed malware in the Bangladesh central bank’s computer systems and watched, probably for weeks, for how to go about withdrawing money from its U. S. account, two bank officials briefed on the matter said on Friday.	Bangladesh	U. S.	0
Buffett also admitted he was wrong to think International Business Machines Corp ( ) ”would do better” when he started amassing 81 million shares six years ago.	Buffett	International Business Machines Corp	3
Asked by a reporter what HEART stood for, Chafee said he would figure it out later; the important thing was getting people to start using the warm-and-fuzzy acronym.	HEART	Chafee	0
We are asking how we make that happen.Leading in the opinion polls ahead of a May 2015 election, Miliband is looking to find fresh momentum for his partys campaign which has so far centred on blaming the Conservative-led government for falling living standards.	Miliband	Conservative	3
 The World Health Organization on Tuesday said the Olympics do not need to be moved from Rio de Janeiro or postponed because there is ”a very low risk” that holding the games there will cause further spread of the Zika virus.	The World Health Organization	Rio de Janeiro	0
The Cruz campaign paid Cambridge $3. 8 million in 2015, accounting for more than 8 percent of all its spending.	Cruz	Cambridge	0
"In an official statement Wednesday, the UNRWA Commissioner-General Pierre Kranhenbuhl wrote: ""Children killed in their sleep; this is an affront to all of us, a source of universal shame."	UNRWA	Pierre Kranhenbuhl	0
He added that Denmark must play its role in appreciating Pakistans role in fight against terrorism and sacrifices rendered during last 14 years.	Denmark	Pakistans	0
Another former staff member, Emma Baldry, told BuzzFeed News both CEO and board were at fault, while a former trustee alleged that most of the failures were due to her fellow trustees.	Emma Baldry	BuzzFeed News	0
When the writer Rebecca Forster first heard how Google was using her work, it felt like she was trapped in a science fiction novel.	Rebecca Forster	Google	3
Erdogan has accused Gulen’s movement of being involved in the failed coup.	Erdogan	Gulen	3
Accusations of bigotry, On Wednesday, Trump flatly labeled Clinton a ”bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.	Trump	Clinton	3
s clients at the start of U.S. business on Monday.20 day positioning for leveraged investors however remains roughly flat.The Citi numbers rated one-week flows and momentum among hedge funds as favouring the pound, but still showed it as a sell over the past four weeks.	U.S.	Citi	0
Right Cause, the party that emerged from the ashes of the Union of Right Forces (SPS), finished last in the Duma race with just 0.6%.	Right Cause	the Union of Right Forces	0
Sindarius Thornwell had 24 points, Chris Silva scored 13 of his 17 points in the second half and South Carolina stunned No. 2 seed	Sindarius Thornwell	Chris Silva	0
After commissioning a poll which showed 97% support for Republican candidate Donald Trump in the upcoming presidential election, BuzzFeed added an “update” to its findings to remind readers that the poll “does not reflect real people.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
Although 41-year-old Yeung admits that she killed Zhou, she denies that it was murder and claims she was provoked.	Yeung	Zhou	3
Israel uses an extremely complex legal and bureaucratic apparatus to dispossess Palestinians of their land, hoping perhaps to forestall accusations of a brutal land grab.	Israel	Palestinians	3
 Britain’s major banks are set to report results this week, confounding expectations that political and economic upheaval caused by the vote to quit the European Union would immediately squeeze profits.	Britain	the European Union	0
Isabel Rose, the telegenic heiress to one of New York’s real estate dynasties, has always had an ability to make her family squirm.	Isabel Rose	New York’s	0
Jeb Bush told a debate audience Thursday night that Hillary Clinton won’t be able to focus on her job as President if elected because she will be busy confronting her own legal troubles.	Jeb Bush	Hillary Clinton	3
Clinton’s stumbles fuel Democratic critics	Clinton	Democratic	0
Russian special forces seized Crimea in February 2014 with respectable precision and discipline, and looked the part of soldiers.	Russian	Crimea	3
While seated in his car, Bayliss repeatedly failed to heed instructions, hid his hands and stared menacingly at troopers, Wambold said.	Bayliss	Wambold	4
President Barack Obama has strongly endorsed Clinton and promised to campaign with his former secretary of state.	Barack Obama	Clinton	1
Mr. Tillerson’s decision is likely to be welcomed by the Republican majority on Capitol Hill.	Tillerson	Republican	2
When some members of Congress look at the practices of U. S. airlines, they aren’t just lawmakers eyeing an industry.	Congress	U. S.	0
Ledell Lee, 51, was the first to be put to death out of a group of eight men that Arkansas originally planned to execute within a span of 11 days, before the expiration of one of the drugs the state uses for the lethal injection.	Ledell Lee	Arkansas	4
The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D. C, has many artifacts connected to slavery.	The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture	Washington	0
Kenneth Bae, a missionary who spent 19 months in prison for evangelizing, was released in 2014 after former NBA star and pal of Kim Dennis Rodman took up his cause.	Kenneth Bae	Kim Dennis Rodman	2
Coinciding with the start of the Rio Olympics, Abbas’ Fatah party listed one of its main achievements as having “killed 11, 000 Israelis.	Abbas	Israelis	0
 Rob Stein, a former senior strategist for the Democratic National Committee, is the founder and board member emeritus of the progressive advocacy organization Democracy Alliance. 	Rob Stein	the Democratic National Committee	0
Contrary to their dim-witted image Neanderthals have been found to have used tools, to have worn jewellery, and, lastly, to have interbred with our Homo sapiens ancestors to such an extent that 4% of every modern European's genome is traceable to Neanderthal origins.	Neanderthals	European	0
US intelligence officials have alerted joint terrorism task forces of the threat, whose credibility was still being assessed, sources told The Post.	US	The Post	0
On the trail, Sanders had questioned her judgment and fitness for office, but in endorsing Clinton, he called her a first lady who had broken precedent, a leader in the fight for universal healthcare, “a fierce advocate for the rights of our children” and declared her “one of the most intelligent people that we have ever met”.	Sanders	Clinton	1
Daytime talk show legend Regis Philbin praised the job President Donald Trump has done in the early days of his presidency.	Regis Philbin	Donald Trump	1
LCS ships are designed with what the Navy calls ”mission modules,” which can be switched out quickly according to assigned tasks.	LCS	Navy	2
When it originally filed the lawsuit, Core Wireless alleged Apple infringed more than a dozen of its patents.	Core Wireless	Apple	3
At Tuesday’s hearing, the defense did not argue the prosecution’s assertion that Santiago posed a flight risk, as well as a danger to the community, and said that the defendant was prepared to be detained throughout his trial,” reports CNN.	Santiago	CNN	0
” Sanders also criticized Clinton’s response to a question on cyber security.	Sanders	Clinton	3
Thus, Democratic reformers have attacked efforts like Scott Walker’s Act 10 to narrow the scope of collective bargaining and rejected vouchers, which would allow private schools to serve more students.	Democratic	Scott Walker’s	3
President Mills's sense that Kosmos has not treated the GOG with respect and transparency is problematic, but his clear acceptance of the primacy of rule of law should ultimately counterbalance this.	President Mills	Kosmos	3
The acting US ambassador to the UK, Lewis Lukens, issued a statement on Twitter singling out Khan for praise.	Lewis Lukens	Khan	0
 Billionaire George Soros, who has spent millions of dollars financing Democrats and causes, used a controversial Panamanian law firm to establish a web of offshore investment partnerships that operate around the world and out of the scrutiny of U. S. regulators, according to leaked documents.	George Soros	Democrats	0
"Business leaders have assured Venezuelans the situation will improve in the coming days as distributors return from the often extended Christmas holidays, though many consumers blamed the socialist economic policies of President Nicolas Maduro.""The truth is I don't know what the government is doing."	Venezuelans	President Nicolas Maduro	3
His Band and the Street Choir, chugs so hard that a producer named Rayko turned it into a disco edit a pair of of the same song from the 2013 box of Moondance	Band and the Street Choir	Rayko	2
"It wasnt offensive to us at all, it was kind of a just more awkward shot,"" Grumet told host Nancy Redd."	Grumet	Nancy Redd	0
Protesters thronged outside a Seoul courtroom Tuesday, marking the start to Park 	Seoul	Park	0
John McGraw, 78, was charged with assault and battery Thursday for allegedly punching Rakeem Jones in the head at a Fayetteville rally.	John McGraw	Rakeem Jones	3
Cecillia Wang, the deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, quickly accused Trump of exploiting the situation.	Cecillia Wang	Trump	3
Today’s opinion,” Justice Thomas wrote, “does resemble Casey in one respect: After disregarding significant aspects of the court	Thomas	Casey	0
HNA stepped up its global expansion in April by agreeing an all-cash deal to buy Gategroup for $1.5 billion, a price some shareholders and analysts criticized at the time as too low.	HNA	Gategroup	1
” Still, Stone was heading to Moscow to film Snowden for an appearance in the movie, which could be seen as an endorsement. 	Stone	Snowden	1
’’ ’ mogul Donald Trump just embraced his threat to boycott the Fox News primary debate on Thursday.	Donald Trump	Fox News	3
Some congressional Republicans have so creatively avoided taking a firm stand on whether they’ll support, endorse or campaign with presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump that one now even has an evasive maneuver named after her.	Republicans	Donald Trump	0
The 1994 Budapest Memorandum violated by Russia when it grabbed Crimea from Ukraine was a deal in which Kiev gave up the world's third-largest nuclear arsenal in exchange for guarantees that its territorial integrity would be respected.	Russia	Crimea	0
The FBI has accused Cook of only wanting to protect Apple’s brand.	FBI	Cook	3
Weiner, for his part, insisted that Obama could have attacked the tax issue in a much more aggressive political way than he did, and that he had made a grave mistake about an issue that the American public supported him on.	Weiner	Obama	3
 South Korean President Moon has ordered a probe after his Defence Ministry failed to inform him that four more launchers for the controversial U. S. THAAD system had been brought into the country, his spokesman said on Tuesday.	South Korean President Moon	Defence Ministry	0
For them, restraint amounts to an assault, which can be frightening and can completely undermine trust.The trusts where the largest number of injuries occurred were Southern Health (534 incidents), Merseycare (493) and South London and the Maudsley (255).Restraint can be humiliating and even life-threatening 	Southern Health	Merseycare	0
Pataki teased his endorsement Monday but noted it wouldnt be Donald Trump.	Pataki	Donald Trump	3
Separately, Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, expressed support on Sunday for Mr. Trump’s position, despite the party having agreed to the debate schedule last fall.	Reince Priebus	Trump	1
there was steep learning curve, the Lutzs learned how to do basic things like use a chainsaw to cut wood, and do minor electric and mechanical work, with help from a neighbor named John, who sold them their home and has since become a good friend.	Lutzs	John	2
"I was part of the African Union mediation team and was present in the final negotiating session when Wahid declared the DPA's security arrangements ""acceptable"" and the wealth-sharing provisions ""95% acceptable."	African Union	Wahid	1
- Lebanese farmers living along the border with Syria are demanding government protection following five nights of mortar attacks by Syrian troops fighting rebels.	Lebanese	Syrian	3
It has now been 265 days since Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton held a press conference.	Democrat	Hillary Clinton	0
Naturally, Gibbs walks in just then, prompting Tony to hit his head on his desk as he scrambles to get the folders and fumble through an explanation.	Gibbs	Tony	0
Some local experts said Hamas had mismanaged Gazas power needs by failing to provide a viable alternative to the precarious smuggling routes.	Hamas	Gazas	1
As NPR reported earlier this week, Republicans did not need Democratic support to prevail.	Republicans	Democratic	0
A new Pew poll reveals a growing gap between how much Americans trust each party on health care.	Pew	Americans	2
The charges are the latest twist in 10 years of turbulent politics that have pitted Yingluck and her brother against the royalist military establishment that sees the Shinawatras as a threat and reviles their populist policies.	Yingluck	Shinawatras	3
Bragg was misled by incomplete advice from Army lawyers, leading him to call for a despite the primary investigating officer recommending that Bergdahl should not face jail time.	Bragg	Bergdahl	0
Earlier on Sunday, Trump was asked repeatedly if he would unequivocally condemn the Klan and other support from white supremacists.	Trump	Klan	0
His Band and the Street Choir, chugs so hard that a producer named Rayko turned it into a disco edit a pair of of the same song from the 2013 box of Moondance	Band and the Street Choir	Rayko	2
Ferrari has traded its entire stake in Formula One for an interest in the racing franchise’s new owner, Liberty Media.	Ferrari	Formula One	0
Governor Lynch made it very clear they need the approval and support of local towns and their residents, but instead of being upfront Northern Pass has created multiple offshoot businesses in order to trick locals into selling their land for well above market value.	Governor Lynch	Northern Pass	0
Seddique Mateen, the father of the Orlando shooter is an ardent Hillary Clinton supporter.	Seddique Mateen	Hillary Clinton	1
Navarro has accused NASA of ”politically correct environmental monitoring” of climate change through its satellites. 	Navarro	NASA	3
When two parents murder their daughter in the most gruesome fashion, as precious as Tina was, they are assigned honor in the Islamic world.	Tina	Islamic	0
Ruling party supporters have accused Supreme Court Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry of relentlessly pursuing the case because of bad blood between him and Zardari.	Iftikhar Chaudhry	Zardari	3
Former Riverside Poly standout Kevin Fitzgerald, who won the Inland Empire Amateur Championship two years ago, earned the No.15 seed with a two-day stroke-play total of 144.	Riverside Poly	Kevin Fitzgerald	0
In a statement attributed to the North Korean Jurists Committee, North Korea said that the greatest share of responsibility for Kim’s death “rests with the government of Malaysia” because he died there.	the North Korean Jurists Committee	Kim	0
In recent weeks White House officials have criticized the North Carolina law, as well as similar measures in other states.	White House	North Carolina	3
It is paradoxical that everyone is blaming China for the behavior of American firms.	China	American	0
At the same time, America can still use sanctions to impose a high economic cost on Russia and Iran, the two powers most responsible for propping up Assad’s murderous regime.	America	Russia	3
Bookselling is a tough business these days, but BookCourt in Brooklyn seemed destined to stay.	BookCourt	Brooklyn	0
A report from The Baltimore Sun claims that Baltimore County school officials acting in the name of political correctness are planning to drop the words “gifted and talented” in favor of a new term, “advanced academics.	The Baltimore Sun	Baltimore County	0
"Meridian was one of 11 schools -- four charters and seven traditional public schools -- with ""critical"" test security violations and one of 16 with some type of violation or anomaly in the report OSSE released just over a week ago."	Meridian	OSSE	3
Brazil started a new chapter of its history this Wednesday, as the Senate voted to permanently remove socialist president Dilma Rousseff from office.	Senate	president Dilma Rousseff	0
When Ms. Steinem gathered some of the movement’s best writers for Ms. magazine, she was accused by Ms. Friedan of “ripping off the movement for private profit” and by radical feminists of creating a shadow movement to undermine their own.	Steinem	Friedan	4
A man who said that he was the one later detained at the cemetery, Frank Flack, posted a reply that assailed Ms. Edwards for being irresponsible.	Frank Flack	Edwards	3
"In the BuzzFeed piece, Wong argues that Koenig repeatedly invokes the racial trope of the model minority, from Hae,  ""smart and beautiful and cheerful and a great athlete"	Wong	Koenig	3
An African American Trump supporter was admitted to a local Cleveland hospital after being shot during a political argument in a bar, reports say.	African American Trump	Cleveland	0
In his speech last night, President Trump asked Congress to pass a broad school choice initiative.	President Trump	Congress	0
Bishop wants to know why Torres gave him his phone back and what caused the change of heart given she had to force him to turn the car around in the first place.	Bishop	Torres	3
’’ ’”Saturday Night Live” skewered Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) for attacking Donald Trump over the star’’s ”New York Values.	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
American Apparel, less than nine months after emerging from Chapter 11 has been slashing payroll at its Los Angeles factory 	American Apparel	Los Angeles	0
The NFL and NBA have roughly the same racial profile with African Americans comprising 68 to 74% of their rosters.	NFL	NBA	0
North Korea says it has the right to “ruthlessly punish” US citizens who have been detained for crimes against its government.	North Korea	US	0
If given the chance to deliver an inspirational talk to teammates this week, Wisconsin offensive lineman Beau Benzschawel would keep it short and get right to the point.	Wisconsin	Beau Benzschawel	1
Leading women from politics, the arts and other fields urged Donald Trump on Monday to support a new national women’s museum in Washington that would be affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution.	Donald Trump	the Smithsonian Institution	0
US employers added a solid 178, 000 jobs in November, reflecting the steady economy Donald Trump will inherit.	US	Donald Trump	0
USA Funds, then the country’s largest guarantor of indirect federal loans, sued the Education Department in 2015 for the right to charge a fee as high as 16% to people who had started to repay their loans within 60 days of defaulting.	USA Funds	the Education Department	3
Security Council members alone may authorize one country attacking another  permitted only in self-defense, never preemptively the way America goes to war, always against nations threatening no one post-WW II.Washington operate illegally in all its war theaters, waging naked aggression, the highest of high crimes.	Security Council Council	America	2
The House speaker later endorsed Trump, explaining that he thought the billionaire would be the better partner to work with to push through a conservative policy agenda.	House	Trump	1
It starts now.But a POLITICO analysis of Federal Election Commission records	POLITICO	Federal Election Commission	0
A senior ACLU manager is welcoming Facebook’s decision to let political groups censor mainstream news reports distributed via its network.	ACLU	Facebook	1
mutant Jean Grey (also an original) asks Bobby why he calls women ”hot,” when she knows he is gay.	Jean Grey	Bobby	0
"He thanked Labour for having come with him on his journey to establish Wales as a ""yes we can country""."	Labour	Wales	2
Assistant Secretary Carson praised the improvements Ghana has made with regard to combating the worst forms of child labor, but urged a continuing commitment to progress, including in the cocoa industry.	Secretary Carson	Ghana	1
Following reports that President Donald Trump is dumping the tax plan he campaigned on and exploring a host of other options, advocates for Social Security are sounding the alarm, pointing to a proposal to eliminate the program’s primary source of funding: payroll taxes. 	President Donald Trump	Social Security	0
Reading through the complaints filed so far against the Trump visa freeze reminds one of the lawyers in ancient Greece who would parade the wife and children of the accused before the judge and jury to emotionally dissuade them from a conviction.	Trump	Greece	0
What the data shows is that millennials have started to overwhelmingly coalesce around Hillary basically since Labor Day,” said John Della Volpe, Harvard’s Institute of Politics polling director.	Hillary	John Della Volpe	0
In threatening the ”Trump is cutting to the heart of future U. S. military capabilities.	Trump	U. S.	0
Trump’s claim in this interview that the Civil War didn’t need to happen and could have been worked out is rooted in Southern revisionism (and its descendent, contemporary ) and more recently in the intellectuals who were and are the seedbed of what we now call the .	Trump	Southern	0
 If the US presidential election were held in Russia today, the next president would be … 	US	Russia	0
Ben Anderson of Vice News interviewed one interpreter, who had 40 letters of recommendation from American military officers with whom he had served.	Ben Anderson	American	0
In recognition of the troubles that may lie ahead, Mark Boleat, the policy chairman for the City of London Corporation, the heart of Britain’s financial services industry, urged Mrs. May to swiftly secure a transition deal that would provide the certainty that businesses crave.	Mark Boleat	May	0
Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) would support a ban on the Democratic National Committee accepting donations from lobbyists, he told the Huffington Post in an interview published Wednesday.	Keith Ellison	the Democratic National Committee	0
Harrison Ford, the actor known for his portrayal of a cocky smuggler and spacecraft pilot in the “Star Wars” movies, mistakenly flew a private plane over a commercial airliner carrying more than 100 people at a California airport on Monday, according to a news report.	Harrison Ford	California	0
you know, ’cause she’s declared that she’s gonna follow in Obama’s footsteps,” he said, adding that Clinton would be “a tough voice to listen to for four years.	Obama	Clinton	0
A landslide in Colombia’s southwestern border province of Putumayo sent mud and debris crashing onto houses overnight, killing at least 154 people and injuring scores, officials said on Saturday.	Colombia	Putumayo	0
When Uygur turned it down, he told viewers that he’d made a moral stand against the network sidelining him because he criticized the Obama administration from the left.	Uygur	Obama	3
The Baltimore Ravens say former tight end Konrad Reuland has died at the age of 29 following a brain aneurysm.	The Baltimore Ravens	Konrad Reuland	0
An American college student sentenced by North Korea to 15 years of hard labor on charges that he tried to steal a political poster has been granted only one consular visit in nearly six months, the State Department said Tuesday.	American	the State Department	0
roughly half of which endorsed Romney in 2012 — has endorsed Trump.	Romney	Trump	1
SWIFT, a cooperative owned by 3, 000 financial institutions, confirmed to Reuters that it was aware of malware targeting its client software.	SWIFT	Reuters	0
Kennedy was captivated by Mexico City’s colourful markets full of exotic ingredients, and started learning to cook dishes from friends and their domestic workers.	Kennedy	Mexico City’s	1
"Sen. Cassidy spoke on ""America's Newsroom"" this morning, also criticizing Kimmel for an unfair and ""wrong"" characterization of the bill.""I wish he understood completely,"" said Cassidy, emphasizing there are ""protections"" in the bill for those with pre-existing conditions."	Cassidy	Kimmel	3
Trump also accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbor North Korea.	Trump	China	3
- With a second Supreme Court pick less than 18 months into his presidency, Donald Trump is poised to cement conservative control of the court and fire up supporters eager for a rightward shift on divisive social issues.	Supreme Court	Donald Trump	0
Williams demolished number three seed Sharapova 6-0 6-1 in just over an hour to complete her golden slam, and could hardly contain her excitement, jumping up and down as she waited to step on to the podium to collect her medal.I didnt think I would be this happy.	Williams	Sharapova	0
The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency in January accused FCA of illegally using undisclosed software to allow excess diesel emissions in about 104, 000 cars and SUVs, the result of a probe that stemmed from regulators’ investigation of rival Volkswagen AG ( ). 	The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency	FCA	3
 Donald Trump doesn’t seem to like suggestions that his victory over Hillary Clinton was anything but huge.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Instead, they will take place as suspended President Dilma Rousseff faces an impeachment trial, the economy suffers its worst recession since the 1930s, an outbreak of the Zika virus prompts health concerns and a massive corruption scandal infuriates Brazilians. 	President Dilma Rousseff	Brazilians	0
President Donald Trump spoke to a group of CEOs at a White House sponsored town hall to discuss infrastructure spending and his plan to cut onerous regulations.	President Donald Trump	White House	0
Fox News recently ousted its CEO and top television host Bill OReilly, and has paid millions of dollars in settlements, after years of employees sexual harassment complaints.	Fox News	Bill OReilly	3
Tuesday’s Department of Justice budget proposal asks Congress for $1.	Department of Justice	Congress	0
- Global trader Trafigura has applied for a license for its downstream arm Puma Energy to start retail sales of gasoline and gasoil in India, an oil ministry spokesman and Trafigura said on Tuesday.	Trafigura	Puma Energy	0
As Özil was pursued by his on to the running track and into the smoke drifting from the celebratory flares lit by the away support, with this arena still in awe of his timely contribution, it was easy to forget Arsenal had actually been trailing by two goals after a quarter of an hour.	Özil	Arsenal	0
Trump specifically seemed to refer to the Washington Post story that drove him to fire Flynn when he denounced “fake news” at CPAC.	Trump	Flynn	3
Nevertheless, Abbott's message was simple and clear: you can't trust Labor.	Abbott	Labor	3
"It was disappointing at the back end and the most disappointing aspect was that our later order batsmen had an in-form player, Steven Davies, with them at the other end.""We should have been looking to support him, but panicked in the conditions and gave Middlesex some momentum."	Steven Davies	Middlesex	0
The AP has now released the full transcript of its Friday interview with President Trump and it is completely amazing.	AP	President Trump	0
 Two weeks after the election of Donald Trump, this is how divided America has become:	Donald Trump	America	0
Andre Villas-Boas has angrily accused Gary Neville and other big-name ex-players of biased punditry when criticising his Chelsea side.	Andre Villas-Boas	Gary Neville	3
” Tripp subsequently said she found it interesting that liberals espouse “hollow claims to champion civil rights of all, want the federal government to assign gender neutral bathrooms, but were okay with SNL portraying me as a transgender villain.	Tripp	SNL	3
President Trump is nearing a decision on whether to formally withdraw the U. S. from the Paris climate agreement 	President Trump	the U. S.	0
” ’ Langone will throw his substantial financial support behind Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R).	Langone	John Kasich	0
General Motors is hiring Chinese workers to build Cadillac autos that will be sold to the American taxpayers who bailed the company out in 2008.	Chinese	American	0
Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( ) tried very hard to get Neil Gorsuch to tip his hand on abortion.	Richard Blumenthal	Neil Gorsuch	0
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Committal hearing begins in Daniel Morcombe case (The Midday Report)The parents of murdered Queensland schoolboy Daniel Morcombe have been allowed to attend the committal hearing of the man accused of killing their son.	Daniel Morcombe	Queensland	0
” Mr. Guterres had been more restrained in his criticism of the Trump administration’s travel ban than some others at the United Nations.	Guterres	Trump	3
Carson Wentz and the Philly offense got off to a fast start in 2016, but have struggled in recent weeks.	Carson Wentz	Philly	0
Vladimir Putin’s assault on American democracy was political thuggery in support of Donald Trump, and there must be consequences.	Vladimir Putin’s	Donald Trump	0
The Globe described Roe v. Wade as an iconic case, but failed to explain the significance of its ruling or the consequences for abortion access if Trump followed through on his commitment to appoint multiple anti-choice justices during his term who would invalidate Roes protections.	Globe	Trump	3
 A federal judge on Friday ruled that Dylann Roof, the accused of killing nine parishioners in a Charleston, S. C. church last year, is competent to stand trial.	Dylann Roof	Charleston	4
"After it failed, McCain was lambasted by his Republican presidential primary opponents for pushing ""amnesty"" in the ""McCain-Kennedy immigration bill."	McCain	Republican	4
A recent article in the Washington Post recounts cheers when Mendelson's legislation was unveiled, largely due to the ongoing frustration and concern expressed by many nurses who work in D.C.-area hospitals.	the Washington Post	Mendelson	1
Some Illinois delegates wound up taking tests after Ford’s side raised accusations of .	Illinois	Ford	4
Jane Addams @SeniorCaucus to protest Paul Ryan’s attacks on seniors.	Jane Addams	Paul Ryan’s	3
The Los Angeles Rams have fired coach Jeff Fisher after nearly five losing seasons leading the franchise.	The Los Angeles Rams	Jeff Fisher	3
Can apocalypse-hastening ITV breakfast show GMTV really be about to cut to an eternal ad break, without the chance, when we come back, to hear from the inspirational survivor of a brutal sex attack  and win 10,000 with Keith Chegwin in Orlando?	ITV	GMTV	0
Yiannopoulos, more than anyone else, is responsible for allying Breitbart with the ” ” movement, a fringe group of nakedly racist, agitators.	Yiannopoulos	Breitbart	0
Snowe is very popular amongst the general electorate, and the endorsement of Tea Party Gov. Paul LePage gives her protection on the right.	Snowe	Paul LePage	2
Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” The Washington Post’s Bob Woodward called out the media for “binge drinking the . ” 	MSNBC	The Washington Post’s Bob Woodward	0
Wisconsin sophomore quarterback Jack Coan could make his fourth start and play his fifth game overall if Alex Hornibrook misses another game while in the concussion protocol.	Jack Coan	Alex Hornibrook	0
raucous and VERY luxurious hen doAnd an ITV spokesperson told us: Honey G did not use any offensive language.	ITV	Honey G	0
In the earliest literature of the Jewish Rabbis, Jesus was denounced as the illegitimate child of Mary and a sorcerer.	Jesus	Mary	0
Sergi Roberto attempted a repeat of his heroic strike against PSG, but also missed the target, unable to prevent his side's second successive elimination at the quarter-final stage, which will provoke much soul-searching at the five-times European champions.	Sergi Roberto	European	0
Kennedy had always been the runoff election’s in a state that overwhelmingly supported Donald Trump.	Kennedy	Donald Trump	0
Spirits company Diageo is buying Casamigos, the tequila company by George Clooney, in a deal that values the company at up to $1 billion.	Diageo	Casamigos	0
A Washington Post reporter admitted that she and her team had “a little bit of fun” cataloguing all of the foreign leaders who have mocked President Donald Trump in recent weeks. 	Washington Post	President Donald Trump	0
The discourse of making the switch to moderate Islam will cause serious confusion in the Saudi administration and grave social reactions.	Islam	Saudi administration	0
 Bernie Sanders’ campaign began laying off staffers Wednesday, a day after he lost four out of five primary races in the Northeast to frontrunner Hillary Clinton, Fox News confirmed.	Bernie Sanders’	Hillary Clinton	0
Ryan has endorsed Trump and told reporters this past week that he has no plans to rescind his support. 	Ryan	Trump	1
Justin Ross Harris is accused of leaving Cooper to die in June 2014.	Justin Ross Harris	Cooper	0
It’s hard to imagine a happy ending to the recount of this year’s election results, spearheaded by Green party presidential candidate Jill Stein.	Green party	Jill Stein	0
Neil Gorsuch was told he should publicly and explicitly reject Donald Trump’s attacks on the independence of the judiciary on Monday, the opening day of his confirmation hearing for the supreme court.	Neil Gorsuch	Donald Trump’s	0
In two days, Jill Stein raised more than enough money, more than $5m, to file for recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, though her campaign is still seeking about $2m more to cover the associated legal fees.	Jill Stein	Wisconsin	0
Offenses ranging from communicating with the Iraqi government to insulting an ISIS member to trying to flee the caliphate can warrant indefinite captivity in one of these prisons, according to the former Mosul captive.	Iraqi	ISIS	3
Pep Guardiola has continued to trust the youngest Boateng in a starting role as the team strives to reach new heights.	Pep Guardiola	Boateng	1
The singer landed two trophies at the glitzy event when she collected the best British female award as well as the big title of the night best album for 21.But a rambling acceptance speech by earlier winner Damon Albarn	British	Damon Albarn	0
Schiff, too, called for a congressional investigation and criticized Trump for his comments.	Schiff	Trump	3
"Bloomberg is so devoted to the cause that, when addressing the U.N. General Assembly, he proclaimed health promotion ""government's highest"	Bloomberg	the U.N. General Assembly	1
Although Clayton Kershaw once again failed to dominate in a postseason start, these Los Angeles Dodgers dont need one guy to carry them.	Clayton Kershaw	these Los Angeles Dodgers	3
A response to his tweet by a woman named Bethany S. Mandel pretty well summarized the maturity level of Chait’s comment:	Bethany S. Mandel	Chait	0
The Wolverines continued their momentum to start the second half, building their lead to 42-34 with 16:16 remaining before Central Michigan answered with a run of its own.	Wolverines	Central Michigan	0
A TV ad run by Rousseff's party this week compared Silva to two former presidents who tried to govern alone and failed.	Rousseff	Silva	3
” Trump has also released two long lists of potential Supreme Court nominees, lists widely praised by social conservatives.	Trump	Supreme Court	0
As Breitbart London previously reported they followed the model of similar ‘taharrush’ incidents in the Arab world where large groups of men attack and even rape women at major events.	Breitbart London	Arab	0
(www.hebhb.gov.cn).Hebei, Chinas biggest steel producing region, had also cut steel capacity by 69.9 million tonnes by the end of September, and reduced annual coal usage by 37.3 million tonnes to 2016, with another 6 million tonnes of cuts expected this year, said Zhang Guohong of the local economic planning agency.	Chinas	Zhang Guohong	0
Nowsch is accused of opening fire at Meyers' green Buick Park Avenue sedan a few blocks from the Meyers home and then fired again after a short chase to the cul-de-sac where the Meyers' live about 5 miles west of the Las Vegas Strip.	Nowsch	Meyers	3
The Madison County Sheriff's Office reports the initial charge related to a murder committed during an arson with the victim being Eli.	The Madison County Sheriff's Office	Eli	0
By bringing fundamental principles up to date, Ed Miliband offers Labour a fresh start.	Ed Miliband	Labour	1
Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said she has always voted for the Republican nominee for president in the past, but wouldn’t say whether she would support Trump. 	Susan Collins	Trump	0
Notes from realignment: A solid Republican district becomes the site of a Democratic resurgence.	Republican	Democratic	0
Nelson Mandela, once freed from prison in 1990, repeatedly thanked Castro for his efforts in helping to weaken apartheid.	Nelson Mandela	Castro	1
Vaguely defined subversion charges are frequently levelled against human rights activists and perceived political foes of Chinas ruling Communist party.	Chinas	Communist	0
The United States has branded Nusra a terrorist organization although it enjoys wide support in Syria for its combat skills.	The United States	Nusra	3
Shortly after St. Louis failed to score on an in-close chance, Kucherov made it 4-2 at 9:38 of the third.	St. Louis	Kucherov	0
"He blamed ""official bungling, negligence, complacency or collusion"" that allowed Boko Haram to become ""a terrifying force.""Political science professor Richard Joseph of Northwestern University said Buhari's victory is a sign of hope.""The world desperately needs a victory against cultist jihadism."	Richard Joseph	Buhari	1
Legendary ad man Jerry Della Femina is selling his Hamptons newspaper, The Independent, to billionaire investor Ron Perelman, a longtime East Hampton resident, The Post has learned.	Jerry Della Femina	Ron Perelman	0
 A year and a half after giving up a dream to become president, Joe Biden told an audience on Friday that he could have beaten Donald Trump, had the death of his child not intervened.	Joe Biden	Donald Trump	0
Rudy Giuliani finally fell in line and endorsed Mitt Romney on Monday morning, and the Romney campaign trumped up his endorsement with a sterling press release.	Rudy Giuliani	Mitt Romney	0
roughly half of which endorsed Romney in 2012 — has endorsed Trump.	Romney	Trump	1
Nigeria's then-president Goodluck Jonathan came under heavy criticism for his government's slow reaction.	Nigeria	president Goodluck Jonathan	0
Bill Clinton’s early mistakes doomed his health care plan, while Jimmy Carter’s missteps greatly damaged his relationship with Congress and the federal bureaucracy.	Bill Clinton’s	Jimmy Carter’s	0
Lotter did not explain if previous Indiana governors also used their personal email accounts to conduct state business.	Lotter	Indiana	0
 On March 8, 1983, Ronald Reagan stood before an audience of evangelicals and declared that the Soviet government was the “focus of evil in the modern world.	Ronald Reagan	Soviet	0
Trump is leveraging two things when he suggests Sweden is under attack: a lack of knowledge about the country, and a core of bigotry. 	Trump	Sweden	3
When the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame started inducting members with an annual show, the closing number would as often as not be an assembly of rock legends gathering to perform a Chuck Berry song.	the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame	Chuck Berry	1
Netflix has taken AMC and FX under their umbrella only to turn around and pour money into making their own original content on the same platform.	Netflix	AMC	1
See photos from the manhunt for two convicted murderers who broke out of the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, New York.	Dannemora	New York	0
Friday marks Alex Rodriguez’s last day in Yankee pinstripes, in a breakup that ends 12 years of ups and downs.	Alex Rodriguez’s	Yankee	0
Arkansas executed Ledell Lee on Thursday night, after it fought and won a complex and sometimes confusing legal battle.	Arkansas	Ledell Lee	0
Trump promptly mocked her response, noting the negative ads President Obama ran against her in 2008 and the bruising Democratic primary battle in 2016.	Trump	Obama	0
According the publisher, Xlibris, the book is a non-fiction account of Tanzanian Minister Khamis Kegesheki Suedi's involvement in the Oil-For-Food Programme and the effect this had on his family.	Xlibris	Tanzanian Minister Khamis Kegesheki Suedi	0
The Forward also reported, on April 3, that Gorka and the political party he led at the time, New Democratic Coalition, had in 2007 supported another far right party’s effort to form a ultranationalist militia that was later banned for violating the rights of minorities.	Forward	Gorka	0
Colin Powell is pushing back on reports suggesting that he might have given Hillary Clinton the idea to use a private email account as Secretary of State, telling media outlets that ”her people are trying to pin it on me.	Colin Powell	Hillary Clinton	0
McCain, who has so much to be proud of, endorsed Trump.	McCain	Trump	1
Unlike Google( ) Amazon( ) and Facebook( )	Google	Amazon	0
At the public library in the rural Morgan County town of Brush,	Morgan County	Brush	0
But those problems are re-emerging, rebels say, undermining efforts to seize Tiji, a pro-Gaddafi town which has been encircled for days.We really want to attack Gaddafis men especially after our three comrades were killed, said rebel Muhammad Sasi, who spent most of Wednesday sleeping under his tank.(But)	pro-Gaddafi	Muhammad Sasi	0
Meanwhile, Jacob Zuma, the president of South Africa, thanked Castro for his help and support in the fight to overthrow apartheid.	Jacob Zuma	Castro	1
At the ballot box in 2008, Americans decided that despite similar attacks, Senator Obama should be President Obama.	Americans	Obama	1
Nehlen has attacked Ryan for his longstanding support for the donor class’s open borders immigration agenda.	Nehlen	Ryan	3
"But you see this in smartphones too, not just TV.""Indeed, Sony expects a 180 billion yen impairment charge for its mobile phone business after struggling to compete with cut-price Asian rivals and failing to close the gap with Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co in high-end smartphones."	Sony	Asian	3
The wounding of the soldiers on the strategic plateau marked Israels worst casualties there since the start of Syrias conflict in 2011.	Israels	Syrias	3
A Trump supporter claims thugs smashed his eye socket and nose outside a Massachusetts bar.	Trump	Massachusetts	0
Republican lawmakers immediately condemned the UN resolution and threatened consequences.	Republican	UN	3
The ICC said in a statement: Rabada was found guilty of ... using language, actions or gestures which disparage or which could provoke an aggressive reaction from a batsman upon his/her dismissal during an International Match.	ICC	Rabada	3
· Shannon Cave — Bronx, NY Offense:	Shannon Cave	Bronx	0
"For Baldwin County officials, the major road-related request will be a repaving and slight widening of a dirt road that will lead to the northern entrance of the school.""You are all about to change the face of that area dramatically,"" Commissioner Chris Elliott said, adding he favors the project."	Baldwin County	Chris Elliott	2
Dr. Stein is actively courting supporters of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders turned off by Clinton’s coziness with the establishment and long history of alleged corruption.	Stein	Bernie Sanders	1
Former Attorney General Eric Holder, once a fierce critic, has acknowledged that Snowden performed “a public service.	Eric Holder	Snowden	1
Vucic had planned on going to Kosovo this past Wednesday in order to garner support from Serbian voters there.	Vucic	Serbian	1
Since October, Iraqi forces supported by a U. S. coalition have begun pushing ISIS out of Mosul, and U. S. officials say its members still left in Western Mosul now face two choices.	Iraqi	ISIS	0
But Trump does have direct experience on hacking: His hotel chain suffered a series of recent data breaches, exposing 70, 000 credit card numbers and personal information of its customers, and paid a settlement with the New York Attorney General for failing to properly notify its guests of the hacks.	Trump	New York	0
Bernie Sanders supporters booed almost every speaker at the convention in Philly.	Bernie Sanders	Philly	0
’ ’ Clinton has strongly criticized Trump for crude comments he has made toward women in the past.	Clinton	Trump	3
YG Network spent $1.6 million to support Republican House candidates in the 2014 elections.	YG Network	Republican House	0
The number of Americans not participating in the work force hit another record high in May, according to data released Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.	Americans	the Bureau of Labor Statistics	0
On July 16, 1962, French geologist Michel Siffre entered a darkened cave where he planned to remain for two months.	French	Michel Siffre	0
treesIngebrigtsen-Siewert said it was the birth of her daughter, Kristin, in 1999 that marked the start of it all.	treesIngebrigtsen-Siewert	Kristin	1
After chasing him through a drain and stopping his getaway car, the Marines took Guzman and made an unscheduled stop - waiting for reinforcements at Hotel Doux, a love motel on the outskirts of town that rents out rooms for a few hours at a time.	Marines	Guzman	3
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Mika Brzezinski stated that she thinks President Trump “has ADD or something, and he’s just not even there. ” 	Mika Brzezinski	Trump	3
Another, a longtime Democrat, said that she had previously supported Trump, but that over the last few months it started to seem as though he’’s ”insane.	Democrat	Trump	3
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, offered an unexpectedly blunt view of Mr. Trump’s failings and left open the possibility of rescinding his endorsement.	Mitch McConnell	Trump	3
” Trump later tweeted: “James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes’ of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!”	Trump	James Comey	3
 Former President Bill Clinton slammed what he called the ”awful legacy of the last eight years” during a campaign appearance for his wife, Democratic Hillary Clinton, in Washington state Monday. 	Bill Clinton	Hillary Clinton	0
When Chung returns, I will ensure that she fully cooperates with the special prosecution’s investigation,” he told the Yonhap News Agency.	Chung	the Yonhap News Agency	0
Ahead of that assessment, Ryan has slightly altered his messaging, indicating the CBO would say the bill would cover fewer people than the Affordable Care Act, but adding that this was not a fault of the bill, but an indication of economic ”freedom.	Ryan	CBO	0
Democrats are expected to be upset that Republicans are planning to pay for these priorities by using funds from a war funding account, which would leave less money than the White House wants for active operations in foreign conflicts.	Democrats	Republicans	3
"It's a text which makes it seem that ""the Jews"" are responsible for Jesus' death at face value."	Jews	Jesus	0
In her tweets Mensch is unsparing when it comes to making allegations, and she has repeatedly denounced some figures in the Trump circle as traitors.	Mensch	Trump	3
I ended up in Twitter jail because I congratulated American track star Courtney Okolo on her new national record.	American	Courtney Okolo	0
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” TBS’s “	CNN	TBS	0
The FBI has accused Cook of only wanting to protect Apple’s brand.	FBI	Cook	3
If Brexit’s critics are right, the European Union should be glad to be rid of the United Kingdom.	the European Union	the United Kingdom	0
But Barr acknowledged in the memo that he was in the dark about many of the facts of the investigation, and on Monday he endorsed Muellers overall mission of exposing and deterring foreign election interference.	Barr	Muellers	1
On Monday, two more companies - Yunnan Hongxiang Yixintang Pharmaceutical and liquor maker Jiangsu Kings Luck Brewery Joint-Stock - started to take subscriptions.	Yunnan Hongxiang Yixintang Pharmaceutical	Jiangsu Kings Luck Brewery Joint-Stock	0
Target, which came under criticism in 2013 for reportedly making a donation to an organization that supported an anti-gay Republican gubernatorial candidate in Virginia, has made great strides toward inclusivity in recent years.	Target	Republican	0
Donald Trump owes his presidency to manager Kellyanne Conway, claims White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon.	Donald Trump	Kellyanne Conway	0
The agreements cut output shares of the two firms in oil operations and raise Libyas earnings and reserves.This agreement came as a result of NOCs negotiations to modify and improve previous accords, NOC said in a statement posted in its Web site.	Libyas	NOCs	0
But there's also a cluster of inquiries about the office of US Secretary of State - perhaps triggered by speculation that Barack Obama will offer the job to Hillary Clinton.	Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton	1
 A permanent U. S. resident living in Texas has been sentenced to eight years in prison for illegally voting, a punishment that will probably result in the woman’s deportation after she completes her sentence.	U. S.	Texas	0
 The Republican presidential debaters misfired in assertions about Supreme Court nominees and more.	Republican	Supreme Court	0
Wolf says he's supporting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton this cycle, but he also took a high-profile meeting recently with Joe Biden.	Wolf	Hillary Clinton	1
Moreover, Egypt's stewardship of the negotiations boosted its flagging regional status and helped to ensure US political support  and money	Egypt	US	0
In 1990, I was a junior doctor at the John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford.	John Radcliffe	Oxford	0
Russia does not extradite accused criminals to other countries, so Bogachev may never be arrested.	Russia	Bogachev	0
Yet serious testing of American athletes didn’t start until well after the U. S. Agency was formally recognized in 2001.	American	the U. S. Agency	0
President Donald Trump said in an interview Saturday night that he would happily challenge Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) in 2020, calling that scenario “a dream come true. ”	Donald Trump	Elizabeth Warren	0
Bloomberg donated the funds because he disapproved of Bacas support for pro-gun rights.	Bloomberg	Bacas	3
 A North Carolina law limiting protections to LGBT people violates federal civil rights laws and can’t be enforced, the U. S. Justice Department said Wednesday, putting the state on notice that it is in danger of being sued and losing hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding.	North Carolina	the U. S. Justice Department	0
ABC drama Scandal continued its sustained attack against Republicans and party presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in Sunday night’s episode, and	Republicans	Donald Trump	0
not all American adults feel this way, the United States seems to have more respect for the rights of parents, schools and authorities than it does for the rights of children.	American	the United States	1
Gadhafi welcomed Obama as the leader of the host nation for U.N. Headquarters, and hailed Obama's maiden U.N. General Assembly speech.	Gadhafi	Obama	1
Trump’s immigration rhetoric has sparked outrage and fear within the Latino community, though the Republican nominee says it’s critical that the country start rigorously enforcing its immigration laws. 	Trump	Latino	4
For his turn, the Syrian President Bashar al-Asad, said that by attacking Gaza, the Zionist regime had broken the one-year long ceasefire, and had created a new crisis.	Syrian President Bashar al-Asad	Zionist	3
Barclays reported its earnings a week after announcing Chief Executive Jes Staley would keep his job but face a fine following the results of a regulatory probe into his attempts to unmask a whistleblower.	Barclays	Jes Staley	3
A Customs and Border Patrol official said the program couldn’t be implemented without causing ”gridlock” at U. S. airports, a response that failed to allay bipartisan concern that the lack of this system is an ongoing national security threat.	Customs and Border Patrol	U. S.	0
PG&E noted that the cause of the fire has yet to be determined.We agree with PUC President Pickers statement that an essential component of providing safe electrical service is long-term financial stability, PG&E said in a prepared release.	PG&E	PUC President Pickers	1
Under terms of the original contract, the trigger allowed Sony to ask Starz for better financial terms, the sources had said.	Sony	Starz	0
In ”Night Report” — one of the standout stories in Amie Barrodale’s debut collection, You Are Having a Good Time — a character named Ema is so moved by a novel about a woman with a married lover that she sends her own married lover a long, emotional, confessional text describing its contents.	Amie Barrodale’s	Ema	0
The daughter of fallen NYPD officer Moira Smith, who was the only female cop to die on spent Mother’s Day in Guantanamo Bay 	NYPD	Moira Smith	0
About 14 months ago, American politics began to resemble a Washington novel.	American	Washington	0
Marco, please attack Ted.	Marco	Ted	3
Cruz, in the past, had seemed reluctant to attack Trump 	Cruz	Trump	3
CALS was founded in 1994 and it is dedicated to promoting the appreciation, conservation, and study of California lichens.	CALS	California	0
A third mother, Shayma Husain, came to the hospital looking for her infant son, Haider Mohammad Azeez, who had not been accounted for.	Shayma Husain	Haider Mohammad Azeez	0
She settles very well and Ryan got it right.It is some time since Elsworth could plan a schedule for a possible Classic contender and Arabian Queen may have only two more starts this season as her trainer keeps one eye on next	Ryan	Elsworth	0
Jesse Jackson now formally endorses Clinton.	Jesse Jackson	Clinton	1
 House Speaker Paul Ryan began the hard work Tuesday of convincing nervous Republicans to back the party and its presumptive 	Paul Ryan	Republicans	0
MTA officials said they didn’t find out about the emergency closure until late Tuesday afternoon and the agency was working on the logistics about Wednesday’s service and trying to assess the impact on its service and MARC riders, many of them who connect to Metrorail at Union Station.	MTA	MARC	0
Only four per cent of British Muslims believe Al Qaeda was responsible for the attacks in the U. S. a study has found.	British Muslims	Al Qaeda	0
The Greek government is confident the measures will pass parliament, even though the main opposition party, New Democracy, said it would not support the deal.	Greek	New Democracy	4
The Guinea native added that he feels terrible about using a tire iron to batter Nash, though he believes his actions were justified and didn’t warrant criminal charges.	Guinea	Nash	3
Rosemary Navarro was living in Mexico when her brother called from California.	Rosemary Navarro	Mexico	0
Another, a longtime Democrat, said that she had previously supported Trump, but that over the last few months it started to seem as though he’’s ”insane.	Democrat	Trump	3
Fariñas will not eat or drink water, he declares, until “Raúl Castro says publicly to everyone that there will be no more torture, no more beatings, no more death threats, no more false charges against opposition and arbitrary confiscation.	Fariñas	Raúl Castro	3
Kim Jong Un may fire an ballistic missile Tuesday to send a “strong message” to President Obama’s successor that the hermit kingdom will not abandon its nuclear and missile development programs, despite international condemnation and sanctions.	Kim Jong Un	Obama	0
 The Supreme Court decision to strike down two restrictive abortion laws in Texas will likely have a ripple effect across the country, potentially forcing other states to drop their own similar laws in the coming years. 	Supreme Court	Texas	0
In 2011, of State Hillary Clinton promised the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) to use “some old fashioned techniques of peer pressure and shaming” against those whose exercise of free speech “we abhor.	State Hillary Clinton	the Organization of Islamic Cooperation	0
The reality is in many Orthodox Jewish schools, Judaic studies are the primary focus and so many skills can be utilized from Judaic studies that are crucial to children's success: critical thinking, analysis, creativity.	Orthodox Jewish	Judaic	0
And yet, a quarter of Republican voters trust Trump most anyway.	Republican	Trump	1
… McConnell went further, officials said, voicing skepticism that the underlying intelligence truly supported the White House’s claims.	McConnell	the White House’s	3
 The gunman who murdered at least 50 people in a Florida nightclub early Sunday morning was a follower of a controversial gang robber who was released from prison last year despite warnings from prosecutors that he would recruit people to carry out violent acts, sources told FoxNews.	Florida	FoxNews	0
Trump is now attacking Anderson Cooper for not ”bringing up the emails”.	Trump	Anderson Cooper	3
Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Tuesday that rival Donald Trump resorts to “crude and profane” insults because “	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	0
Rubio didn’t just blame Trump, though.	Rubio	Trump	3
Clinton has also signaled increased regulation of fracking to prevent water and air pollution, continued support for the Obama administration’s efforts to curb carbon output that would pressure fuels like coal, and a tougher approach to infrastructure permitting.	Clinton	Obama	1
"On China's ""Consumer Rights Day,"" an investigative TV show called ""315"" ran a report accusing Apple of not giving Chinese citizens the same sort of consumer protection it gives other people around the world."	Apple	Chinese	3
After Georgia failed to convert on six straight rushing plays from the goal line against Florida, the same situation occurred again vs Kentucky as the Dawgs could not get across the white paint on two consecutive plays from the Wildcats one yard line.	Georgia	Florida	3
Kelly did rebuke Wilson, calling her selfish for criticizing the president	Kelly	Wilson	3
Americans don’t really trust Mrs. Clinton to be forthcoming and truthful.	Americans	Clinton	3
As someone who loves his rugby it's been a real thrill to watch many of New Zealand's games this year and, for me, it's important that this month the Scotland team earn the respect of the southern hemisphere by the qualities we bring to bear.	New Zealand's	Scotland	1
Egypt Air Flight 804, carrying 66 people including three children, departed from Paris on Wednesday night.	Egypt Air Flight	Paris	0
 Federal Reserve officials cautioned on Thursday that the fiscal and tax plans sketched out by the incoming Trump administration could trade a economic boost for inflation and debt problems they might have to counteract.	Federal Reserve	Trump administration	0
Trump, meanwhile, used his speech to reinforce the fact that while Democrats were speaking to these voters in the hopes of one day again speaking for them, the fact that he was standing there at the podium was proof that in November, the people had been speaking through him.	Trump	Democrats	3
The holographic image uses an American flag motif with the blue field at the bottom, with Obamas head emerging from it in one of the two alternating images (via	American	Obamas	0
Paul Nungesser was cleared of rape charges, but is now suing the school in federal court for failing to stop Emma Sulkowicz from harassing him.	Paul Nungesser	Emma Sulkowicz	3
Sen. Barbara Boxer, . who was booed when she spoke at the convention, told reporters Tuesday that she’d feared for her safety and said Sanders should give a ”major speech” calling on his supporters to reject violence and opt for unity.	Barbara Boxer	Sanders	0
U.S. regulators exposed VWs cheating on Sept. 18, 2015.Responding to the magazine report, the carmaker reiterated on Saturday that the management board had not violated its disclosure duties, and had decided to not inform investors earlier because they had failed to grasp the scope of the potential fines and penalties.	U.S.	VWs	3
"David Cameron yesterday backed a Tory frontbencher who sparked controversy by claiming that BNP voters had ""some very legitimate views on race and crime"".Race relations campaigners attacked Sayeeda Warsi's comments, but the shadow community cohesion minister insisted she was no apologist for"	David Cameron	Sayeeda Warsi's	3
President Donald Trump said in an interview Saturday night that he would happily challenge Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) in 2020, calling that scenario “a dream come true. ”	Donald Trump	Elizabeth Warren	0
Ana Ivanovic accepted a late wild card into the WTA tournament in Linz at the weekend.	Ana Ivanovic	WTA	1
and it was something that led President Donald Trump to regularly call for Clinton to be prosecuted.	Donald Trump	Clinton	3
Hillary Clinton is one bad South Carolina poll away from a embrace of radical racial insanity.	Hillary Clinton	South Carolina	0
Jay and Tammy, 30, welcomed Archie five months ago, a decade after quantity surveyor Jay, 29, was first diagnosed with the most common form of cancer in young men.	Jay	Tammy	0
Nor is the FBI director going to appear before Congress to explain that, because there’s just not enough proof of criminal intent, “no reasonable prosecutor would ever charge a case like this.	FBI	Congress	0
A U. S. government official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the case, said that Churkin had died of an apparent heart attack. 	U. S.	Churkin	0
And unlike Theresa May, who increasingly appears determined to avoid public debate or journalistic scrutiny during this election campaign, Corbyn was willing to answer inconvenient questions from the press with good humour and a light touch, even though he had devoted much of his speech to attacking them.	Theresa May	Corbyn	0
Peng the Taiwanese chef who invented General Tso’s chicken, a dish nearly universal in Chinese restaurants in the United States, died on Wednesday in Taipei.	Peng	Taiwanese	0
Here’s a look at the life of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. 	WikiLeaks	Julian Assange	0
To the extent Jackson knew about the Civil War and was “really angry” about it, he was really angry at the Southern planter aristocrats who would later start the Civil War.	Jackson	Southern	3
A top aide to Mayor de Blasio and a consulting firm that helped him win City Hall are under investigation as part of a widening state and federal corruption probe 	de Blasio	City Hall	0
Bharara, who declined to comment on Wednesday, last weekend retweeted an intemperate 2011 email the defense lawyer sent to a Wall Street Journal reporter he accused of ”whoring” for the prosecution.	Bharara	Wall Street Journal	3
Fakiehs first moves in his new job were to tour Jeddahs King Fahd Hospital, where some of the cases were discovered, and to pledge to uphold 	Fakiehs	Jeddahs King Fahd Hospital	2
 Britain just kinda, sorta, maybe threatened to go to war with Spain. 	Britain	Spain	0
The Times also praised Clinton’’s ability to ”reach across the aisle,” despite her ”political scars.	Times	Clinton	1
That capability will be critical because there are 5 billion devices connected to the Internet, and that number will rise, Otellini said during a keynote at Intels annual developer conference.	Otellini	Intels	0
"When Miliband accused Cameron on 6 July of having made a ""catastrophic judgment"" in bringing Coulson into No 10, the prime minister said he took responsibility for everyone he employs."	Miliband	Cameron	3
also reckons axed Strictly judge Arlene, 66, will give him a run for his money when the contest to find Britains hottest dancing talent starts next Saturday.	Arlene	Britains	0
Yet Brooks has long been part of the forces attacking American optimism (if not directly, by association);	Brooks	American	3
 If Hillary Clinton ends up losing California to Bernie Sanders, it will be because of voters like Nallely Perez.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
Buried by last week’s Brexit furor was fresh news of Hillary Clinton’s efforts to cover up her abuses of power at the State Department.	Hillary Clinton’s	the State Department	0
Ron Paul continues to help Romney by attacking the records of his more conservative opponents.	Ron Paul	Romney	1
Trump will order an assessment of how the FSOC designates a financial institution as ”systemically important,” which triggers requirements to hold more capital in case it comes into crisis.	Trump	FSOC	0
Senator Cormann praised the Palmer United Party for its support of the Government's Direct Action	Senator Cormann	the Palmer United Party	1
 NOTHING SUPREME Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has said in recent interviews about the presidential election should surprise anyone familiar with her biography and her career on the court.	SUPREME Court	Ruth Bader Ginsburg	0
Raza v. City of New York was originally filed in 2013 by the New York Civil Liberties Union and other groups on behalf of Muslim religious and community leaders who claimed they had been unfairly targeted by increased surveillance tactics in the wake of the September 11 attacks.	Raza	Muslim	0
Felecia Sanders the mother who saw her son die Wednesday night recalled how she and the others welcomed Roof into the Bible study. 	Felecia Sanders	Roof	1
Donald J. Trump wielded his presidential candidacy on Friday as a weapon for savaging detractors and venting personal grievances, attacking the women who have accused him of sexual assault and unwelcome advances and railing against what he described as a vast conspiracy against him by the news media and Hillary Clinton’s campaign.	Donald J. Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
Google has reported a dramatic increase in searches for Irish passport applications since the Leave result became clear this morning.	Google	Irish	0
In one important respect, the Republicans will be in a stronger negotiating position than they were in December, now that they control the House.	Republicans	House	1
Trump’s standing in the GOP primary didn’t falter, and McCain has since endorsed him for president.	Trump	McCain	2
The Great Republican Standoff of 2016 is over: Paul Ryan has endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Paul Ryan	Donald Trump	1
": Roxanne Pallett accused Ryan Thomas of ""punching"" herCelebrity Big Brother 2018:"	Roxanne Pallett	Ryan Thomas	3
Evans, who according to bookmakers is Nuttall's closest rival in the leadership contest, promised a distinctly hardline approach to immigration, whereby all migrants would need a job and the financial means to support themselves for at least five years before being allowed entry to the country.	Evans	Nuttall	3
In an op-ed in today's New York Times, big-name political scientists Robert Putnam and David Campbell examine the origins of the Tea Party movement.	Robert Putnam	David Campbell	0
110 Watson held her serve for the first time with two aces to pull it back to 5-3 but Goerges made no mistakes to take the first set.	110 Watson	Goerges	0
But Jockey’s ad campaign purposely chose the ultimate embodiment of innocently straight and rugged Americana in athletes who helped assuage concerns about the effeteness and Europeanness that these new fashions provoked.	Jockey	Americana	0
The NPR Politics team is back with an episode on gun laws and why, in recent American history, they never seem to change.	NPR Politics	American	0
Bulgaria does not need a government that is on life support, Stanishev said.	Bulgaria	Stanishev	4
 It’s common knowledge at this point that the Republican Party, and Donald Trump especially, has been engaging in some pretty ugly rhetoric during this election cycle:	the Republican Party	Donald Trump	0
Rep. Peter Welch ( .) said the attack shows how rampant Russian hacking is.	Peter Welch	Russian	3
"According to NFL players who met Gibson that year, he was offering strength coaching, injury prevention services, training for the NFL's pre-draft physical testing, known as the combine, as well as recommending supplements.""He works with a lot of NFL guys,"" said the former NFL All-Pro."	NFL	Gibson	1
Though she noted she believed that a Trump victory would likely be bad news for and Americans, she said Clinton has “supported policies that hurt people here and abroad.	Trump	Clinton	0
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said it was “so amazing” to visit Israel’s national Holocaust memorial with all of his friends.	President Donald Trump	Israel	1
In face of the worlds increasing support for the intended legitimate and legal demand of Palestine to be recognised as an independent UN member state; in face of the success of the peaceful Egyptian revolution in making profound changes to liberate Egypt from foreign dictates in order to defend Egypt	UN	Egyptian	0
There’s one topic off limits when interviewing Arnold Schwarzenegger: Donald Trump.	Arnold Schwarzenegger	Donald Trump	0
Trump, without evidence, has blamed his sagging poll numbers on a rigged election, and said the media had fixed the opinion polls in order to inflate Clinton’s numbers.	Trump	Clinton	3
’ ’ Graham, a onetime 2016 presidential hopeful, has not endorsed Trump, the Republican nominee.	Graham	Trump	3
” Trump has made good in recent days on his occasional threats to make Bill Clinton’s infidelities a central focus of his campaign, allegations he has intermittently cited on the campaign trail when accused by critics of using demeaning language while talking about women.	Trump	Bill Clinton’s	3
Derek Rotondo said in his complaint to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) that J.P. Morgan gives mothers 16 weeks of paid leave, while fathers get only two weeks unless they prove they are primary caregivers.	Derek Rotondo	the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	0
A4E said in a statement that the problems had been caused because EU border controls are significantly understaffed to comply with tightened immigration checks, adding that some passengers had missed flights as a result.	A4E	EU	3
Five other Britons gave harrowing accounts of life in US custody after being released without charge earlier this year.	Britons	US	3
Bill McKibben, one of the leaders of modern American environmentalism, endorses Clinton specifically because she can be pressured on ecological and climate issues.	Bill McKibben	Clinton	1
But while McIlroy, at 21, has plenty of time to build his mental strength and learn to produce his scintillating best in high-pressure situations, Torres is 27 - an age at which footballers traditionally reach the very peak of their powers.	McIlroy	Torres	0
Fitch assigned Greece a slightly higher B-rating in mid-March, becoming the first major rating agency to upgrade Athens rating after the swap cut its debt by about 100 billion euros.	Fitch	Greece	1
The Fargo Forum newspaper criticized Valley News Live’s reporting as blatantly false.	Fargo Forum	Valley News Live’s	3
In reaction, Russia’s foreign ministry on Monday accused NATO countries of ”sliding into a new military confrontation with destructive consequences.	Russia	NATO	3
Ingraham has been a vocal Trump supporter and spoke at the Republican National Convention in July.	Ingraham	Trump	1
That didnt keep Obama from using silly personal attacks on the campaign trail to belittle Romney.	Obama	Romney	3
Jaime SaldarriagaThe June 9-30 ceasefire was announced in a scathing open letter to opposition candidate Oscar Ivan Zuluaga, posted on the groups website, in which it accuses him of making inflammatory statements and trying to foment more war.	Jaime SaldarriagaThe	Oscar Ivan Zuluaga	3
 The third and at long last final general election presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will take place on Wednesday, October 19. 	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
Many Libyans blame the attacks on extremist Islamist groups.	Libyans	Islamist	3
During the race, opponent Wendy Davis (D) released a controversial ad attacking Abbott for opposing litigation as attorney general that was similar to a case he won after his accident.	Wendy Davis	Abbott	0
Billy Bush, a host on the “Today” show who has received stinging criticism for his role in a video with Donald J. Trump, has been suspended by NBC.	Billy Bush	Donald J. Trump	0
"Monitors put the number at more than 10,000.Free Syrian Army spokesman Colonel Kassem Saadeddine warned rebel forces would resume attacking regular forces if they do not withdraw.""If (the regime) does not stop shelling and not withdraw tanks, we will intensify our military operations and launch attacks,"" he said."	Syrian Army	Kassem Saadeddine	0
 Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe on Friday reinstated the right to vote to more than 200, 000 convicted felons, circumventing the legislature with an executive order. 	Virginia	Terry McAuliffe	0
Bharara, who declined to comment on Wednesday, last weekend retweeted an intemperate 2011 email the defense lawyer sent to a Wall Street Journal reporter he accused of ”whoring” for the prosecution.	Bharara	Wall Street Journal	3
 It’s safe to say White House press secretary Sean Spicer is having a bad week.	White House	secretary Sean Spicer	0
New Jersey (where we live) and West Virginia - two different lives, two different families, one common goal: teaching our children kindness, acceptance and engulfing them in love.	New Jersey	West Virginia	0
’s failure to take military action after Assad in 2013 crossed a “red line” by launching a sarin attack on rebels in a Damascus suburb.	Assad	Damascus	3
BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that oil prices were likely to stay between $50 and $60 as major producers kept output restricted.	BP	Bob Dudley	0
Not so much with sharp policy differences (although Cruz has taken care to paint Dewhurst as a squish, natch) as with good ol fashioned populism:Voters who arent happy with the way things are going are throwing out people they blame for the mess, regardless of ideology.	Cruz	Dewhurst	0
Local New Service reporter Matthew Huisman contributed to this article.	Local New Service	Matthew Huisman	0
More than seven months after it began, a wave of Palestinian stabbing attacks against Israelis appears to be slowing.	Palestinian	Israelis	0
Amid the crisis, some Venezuelans have accused others of not doing enough to fight the Maduro regime.	Venezuelans	Maduro	0
Rep. Louis Gohmert ( ) will discuss the latest developments regarding House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare replacement bill, which is coming under intense criticism from all quarters and has been dubbed “Ryancare,” “ ” and “ ” by critics.	Louis Gohmert	Paul Ryan	0
Those movie buffs familiar only with Mr. Chan’s appearances in blockbusters like the “Rush Hour” trilogy and “Shanghai Noon” may not realize just how long a career the Hong Kong native has had as an actor, director and producer.	Chan	Hong Kong	0
” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House principal deputy press secretary, condemned the shooting on Tuesday and suggested to reporters that Trump would mention it during his address to Congress later that night.	Sarah Huckabee Sanders	Trump	0
The UpTake will be streaming live video of the Canvassing Board meeting and the pre-meeting ballot withdrawls starting at noon CST.Other News on the Minnesota US Senate Recount from The UpTake:	UpTake	Canvassing Board	1
Stephen Hayes, Kimberly Guilfoyle, and Jeanine Pirro debated National Review’s article series about Donald Trump on Friday’s edition of the Fox News Channel’s “Hannity. ” 	Stephen Hayes	Kimberly Guilfoyle	0
Six US senators demanded Yahoo explain exactly when it had detected the theft of user data in a letter to the company after the September revelations the company did not comply in its response.	US	Yahoo	0
The parents of American hostage Kayla Mueller have shared with the public the 10 second “proof of life” video they received from her captors, the savage Islamic State ( ) in which their daughter proclaims, “	American	Kayla Mueller	0
The German government erased the CCTV videos of the mass attacks.	German	CCTV	0
Can you see Trump working well with anybody?As President, Clinton would serve the 99 percent--and of course Trump supporters are part of the 99 percent (	Trump	Clinton	0
Jack Nicklaus offered sympathy to Jordan Spieth after the blew a considerable lead on the last day of the Masters.	Jack Nicklaus	Jordan Spieth	1
The SEC said DeYoung concealed the losses by issuing statements that inflated the value of customers' accounts.	SEC	DeYoung	3
In Tuesday afternoon's Senate intelligence committee hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended himself against charges of perjuring himself during his confirmation hearings in January.	Senate intelligence committee	Jeff Sessions	3
Romney's endorsement opens the way for him to join McCain later in the year as the vice-presidential candidate.	Romney	McCain	1
The Coptic Christian grandmother has had trouble sleeping since she was attacked in her nearby Egyptian village of Karm a year ago.	Coptic Christian	Egyptian	0
He then asked the crowd, When was the last time an actor assassinated the president?The answer is John Wilkes Booth, who shot Abraham Lincoln at Fords Theatre in 1865.It is just a question	John Wilkes Booth	Abraham Lincoln	3
British merchant ships were continuing to pick up large numbers making the hazardous journey across the South China sea, where they risked attack from Thai pirates or death at sea.	British	Thai	3
Make no mistake: the Czech Republic is not Chechnya.	the Czech Republic	Chechnya	0
President Obama has announced that he will visit Cuba next month.	President Obama	Cuba	0
(Sky Sports)Andretti Autosport driver Ryan Hunter-Reay says neither he nor his team-mates will help Fernando Alonso once the Indy 500 race starts.	Ryan Hunter-Reay	Fernando Alonso	3
In late 2014, a series of incidents involving goat heads turning up in Brooklyn’s Prospect Park, including one in which two heads were tied together and flung over a streetlamp pole like a pair of sneakers, sparked a frenzy of accusations that Santeria was behind the mysterious disposals.	Brooklyn	Santeria	3
Trump has accused Obama officials of illegally leaking classified information about Flynn’s contacts with Kislyak.	Trump	Obama	3
In a statement, Ben Reininga, Vocativ’s editorial director, said Engel had been serving the public interest and welcomed the dismissal of the charge against him.	Ben Reininga	Engel	1
The White House has finally condemned the in a Kansas bar last week 	The White House	Kansas	3
Even among supporters of the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, support for a ban is stronger than opposition, with 48 per cent of Labour voters wanting a ban, compared to 37 against, and 42 per cent of Lib Dems in favour, as opposed to 30 per cent against.	Liberal Democrat	Lib Dems	0
Thursday on MSNBC’s Democratic presidential primary debate, candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared the business model of Wall Street to be “fraud. ” 	Democratic	Bernie Sanders	0
Comedian and actor Aziz Ansari on Friday accused Donald Trump of creating a dangerous environment for American Muslims with his ”vitriolic and ” campaign rhetoric.	Aziz Ansari	Donald Trump	3
Milonov also was a supporter of a new Russian law that decriminalizes some forms of domestic violence.	Milonov	Russian	0
The Metropolitan police inquiry into the attack on the car carrying Prince Charles and Camilla is due to report by this Friday but May warned that, for security reasons, the public details of the report are likely to be limited.	Charles	Camilla	0
Today marks the fourth anniversary of the death of Cuban dissident Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas.	Cuban	Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas	0
Two Democrats have said they support Gorsuch.	Democrats	Gorsuch	1
 Britain could have to wait a decade for a free trade deal with the United States if it votes to leave the European Union, U. S. President Barack Obama said on Sunday in his final salvo of a disputed foray into British domestic politics.	President Barack Obama	British	0
Our government has always been supportive of the Keystone XL pipeline and we are pleased with the U. S. decision,” said a spokesman for Canada’s minister of natural resources.	U. S.	Canada	0
 In August 2008, the Census Bureau released a report that predicted a seismic shift in American demographics: By 2050, minorities would make up more than 50 percent of the population and become the majority. 	the Census Bureau	American	0
"Dwight Howard added 11 points and five blocks while battling foul trouble, and Jason Terry made four 3-pointers en route to 16 points for the second-seeded Rockets.""It's my time of year,"" said Terry."	Dwight Howard	Jason Terry	0
But the CNN/Opinion Research poll found that a majority of Americans trust Obama over the GOP on handling the economy.	Americans	Obama	1
Dr. Donald A. Henderson, a leader of one of mankind’s greatest public health triumphs, the eradication of smallpox, died on Friday in Towson,	Donald A. Henderson	Towson	0
Republicans have criticized Obama for announcing a time table for withdrawal, but what is even more offensive about his policy is what he is doing before the withdrawal.	Republicans	Obama	3
"After the American revolution, in 1791, the U.S. government adopted the Fifth Amendment to the Bill of Rights, which included a Grand Jury Clause aimed at protecting people ""against hasty, malicious and oppressive prosecution,"" by the government."	American	U.S.	0
Khalil Muhammad, Harvard professor of history, race and public policy, accused Donald Trump Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” of calling for racial violence and voter intimidation when the GOP presidential nominee urged his supporters to monitor polling places in certain areas. 	Khalil Muhammad	Donald Trump	3
In contrast, U.S. funding focuses on specific programs, partly due to Congressional oversight that requires greater accountability and meeting assigned targets.	U.S.	Congressional	0
Metro spokesman Martin Driver said there had been a large public outcry over the possibility of losing the jointly funded service, which has been used by more than seven-and-a-half million passengers since it started in 2006.	Metro	Martin Driver	0
Hillary Clinton, who also held the position, has welcomed his praise but her former Democratic rival Bernie Sanders branded him “one of the most destructive secretaries of state in the modern history of this country”.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
In Idaho, organizations that have spent more than $2 million to back veteran Republican Simpson look likely to get a return on their investment, thanks to a deluge of TV advertising and months of door-knocking by workers like Stacey Barrack.We	Simpson	Stacey Barrack	2
Up until November, Cuomo was editing Manhattan and Beach, a magazine she started for publisher Modern Luxury.	Cuomo	Manhattan and Beach	0
Former OfficeMax CEO Ravi Saligram said Aiyengar gained his trust with her analytical skills and because she spoke her mind.Shes not afraid to push back, Saligram said.	Ravi Saligram	Aiyengar	1
From March: In 2014, South Africa’s public protector, Thuli Madonsela, issued a report that found funds were used for renovations and recommended that Zuma repay the money.	Thuli Madonsela	Zuma	3
Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery previously said Arizona's terrorism laws enacted after 9/11 focus mostly on protecting public utilities from attack and would not apply to the freeway shootings.	Maricopa County	Bill Montgomery	0
President Barack Obama won’t say whether Donald Trump owes him an apology for pursuing questions about his birth certificate, telling reporters he had “no reaction” to reports that Trump would address the situation today.	Barack Obama	Donald Trump	0
"Obama, he said, ""is fast becoming the worst national security press president ever, and it may not get any better.""The New York Times editorial board also weighed in on Tuesday night, harshly criticizing Obama:"	Obama	New York Times	4
So Long: How the Press, the Pundits -- and the President -- Failed on Iraq.	President	Iraq	3
GOP criticism of Michelle Obama's bangs6.	GOP	Michelle Obama's	3
What made Rendell extraordinary was her consummate simplicity,” wrote book critic Maureen Corrigan.	Rendell	Maureen Corrigan	2
Kagan has been an outspoken critic of Trump — 	Kagan	Trump	3
Russia is a key supporter of Ukraine's government, but has so far agreed to pay only $2 billion of a promised $15 billion aid package.	Russia	Ukraine	1
One senator, Jeff Flake (R) is a vocal Trump critic sounding the alarm about an electoral wipeout.	Jeff Flake	Trump	3
Our Intelligence Community has made it clear that the Russian government is responsible for the cyberattacks aimed at interfering with our election, and that WikiLeaks is part of that effort.	Our Intelligence Community	Russian	3
A Wisconsin high school suspended an athlete who posted a tweet criticizing new WIAA rules banning students from using certain words aimed at opposing teams in chants during games.	Wisconsin	WIAA	0
 Brazil aims to build nearly 30 prisons over the next year to ease chronic overcrowding in its penitentiary system as part of a package of emergency measures to tackle a wave of deadly prison riots, President Michel Temer said on Monday.	Brazil	President Michel Temer	0
The attack occurred at 4 a.m. and resulted in the deaths of four Nepalese security guards, an Afghan security guard and two Afghan civilians, Ayub Salangi said.	Nepalese	Afghan	0
The discussion between top aides revolved around how to respond to questions about when or if Clinton would announce she was running for the Democratic nomination.	Clinton	Democratic	0
Buhari has accused the UN and aid agencies of exaggerating the crisis to seek donations.	Buhari	UN	3
 President Donald Trump on Thursday said he would withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.	President Donald Trump	the United States	0
Hasegawa said Mr. Ramos-Horta, had pledged his intention to place the highest importance in ensuring transparency and accountability in the conduct of his administration, and asked for international assistance in strengthening the capacity of legal authorities to halt abuse of power and corrupt practices.	Hasegawa	Ramos-Horta	1
The Iraqi government has struggled to rein in the Shi’ite militias, many of which fought the U. S. military following the 2003 invasion and have previously been accused of killing and abducting American nationals.	Iraqi	Shi’ite	0
News Corp has fiercely defended Murdoch and other directors saying it vehemently disagrees with critics of the company	News Corp	Murdoch	1
The bodies of two teens shot dead behind an Atlanta grocery store early this month were posed by their killer — with the girl found nude with her legs spread, according to a new autopsy report obtained by The Post.	Atlanta	The Post	0
Ex-chief charged in black teen's beating 'dishonored the badge,' fed saysAfter his November arrest, federal authorities say Nucera often disparaged African Americans, used the n-word regularly and dishonored his badge.	Nucera	African Americans	3
This week, Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Dr Priscilla Chan pledged $3bn to “cure, manage and prevent all diseases” by the end of the century.	Mark Zuckerberg	Priscilla Chan	0
The statement endorsed by 20 organizations including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch further said Jewish settler violence against Palestinians had risen in 2011 and that Israel had sped up its expansion of settler enclaves.	Jewish	Palestinians	3
Bernie Sanders supporters booed almost every speaker at the convention in Philly.	Bernie Sanders	Philly	0
Eliot Cohen, another of the John Hay Initiative, has been a strong critic of the Trump administration.	Eliot Cohen	Trump	3
In reaction, Russia’s foreign ministry on Monday accused NATO countries of ”sliding into a new military confrontation with destructive consequences.	Russia	NATO	3
 Thousands of Poles dressed in black marched through city streets in Poland on Monday, closing down government offices, restaurants and other businesses in protest against a petition for a total ban on abortion.	Poles	Poland	0
IAC is faring handsomely on the financial front, thanks to a strong showing from its Match and Search segments.	IAC	Match	0
 migration presidential candidate Marine Le Pen slammed Emmanuel Macron and the establishment in a bid to win over conservative right wing voters.	Marine Le Pen	Emmanuel Macron	3
Sky Sports 6 Douglas Costa shamefully spat in Federico di Francesco's MOUTH after a heated argumentSky Sports 6	Douglas Costa	Federico di Francesco's	3
Although France has imposed a ban on reports coming out of the areas where military assaults are taking place, reports are still emerging of atrocities being committed by the former colonial power and the Malian army accompanying their troops.	France	Malian	0
A foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump s presidential campaign denied Monday afternoon that he had ever sought to become a Russian spy.	Donald Trump s	Russian	0
This comes on the back of recent news that a Chinese company has just bought Smithfield Foods, America's biggest pork producer, for $4.7bn.	Chinese	Smithfield Foods	0
Grinda had prosecuted Zakhar Kalashov, a Russian citizen widely regarded as one of the most powerful figures in the Russian mafia.	Grinda	Zakhar Kalashov	3
England coach Roy Hodgson will surely not make the same mistake.	England	Roy Hodgson	1
Then, on January 28, 2019, U.S. Attorney General Matthew Whitaker himself unveiled 23 charges against Huawei itself, which included ten charges of corporate espionage, as well as obstruction of justice, and wire fraud charges.	Matthew Whitaker	Huawei	3
"You might have thought Michael Woodford ""won"" his battle against the Olympus board when the company admitted to decades of accounting fraud and former president and chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa resigned."	Michael Woodford	Tsuyoshi Kikukawa	3
Stewart advocated for Bahari's release and then invited him to his nightly show.	Stewart	Bahari	1
 Vladimir Putin on Thursday dismissed media reports that billions of dollars in Panama offshore accounts might be linked to him as a U. S. ”provocation” as he told ordinary Russians that the country’s economic crisis will ease next year.	Vladimir Putin	Russians	0
 Donald Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton came as a shock to many 	Donald Trump’s	Hillary Clinton	0
 In his first full work day as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt made clear Tuesday that he intends to step back from what he sees as the agency’s regulatory overreach during the Obama administration.	Scott Pruitt	Obama	0
Jesmyn Ward was in her 20s when she first read James Baldwin’s 1963 essay collection	Jesmyn Ward	James Baldwin’s	0
"The Senate bill, authored by a bipartisan group of eight senators, also sets those figures as goals, but doesn't make the path to citizenship directly contingent on them.""It's time for us to adopt real triggers,"" Cornyn said Monday."	Senate	Cornyn	0
When Obama ran for office, he routinely blamed the Bush administration for the Iraq War.	Obama	Bush	3
- France laid down the gauntlet to EU partners on Wednesday with a 2015 budget setting out how it would bring its borrowing back to within EU limits two years later than promised, a retreat it blamed on a fragile economy.	France	EU	1
The Taliban have also struggled to build ideological support after their bloody rule that saw them impose a harsh version of Islamic law on the valley’s 2 million residents.	Taliban	Islamic	0
An American comedian and friend, Hari Kondabolu, had tweeted his respects shortly after ONeal lost his life to diabetes, and I took the cue to find out more.	Hari Kondabolu	ONeal	1
A source says Ant wants to make sure Lisa is still supported financially and emotionallyHe still views her as a best friend and wants them both to be able to walk away from the marriage positively.He is happy to give Lisa 50 per cent in the divorce if that is what is agreed by their lawyers.	Ant	Lisa	1
A deal to build a new domed stadium to entice the Oakland Raiders to move to Las Vegas is only one step away from final approval.	the Oakland Raiders	Las Vegas	0
 Two weeks after the election of Donald Trump, this is how divided America has become:	Donald Trump	America	0
Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp remains confident his team will finish in the top four this season despite an indifferent recent run of results.	Tottenham	Harry Redknapp	0
The U.N. says progress has been blocked by political interference from Cambodian officials who oppose more prosecutions.	U.N.	Cambodian	3
Trump has accused Rubio of living beyond his means.	Trump	Rubio	3
 Hillary Clinton turned what was billed as a major foreign policy speech Thursday into a blistering broadside against Donald Trump 	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	3
Telecom Italia said it had always respected Italys financial market rules, and guaranteed total cooperation with authorities.	Telecom Italia	Italys	1
In response, the report said, the US administration offered to give Israel weapons and material that could extend its window to act against Iran.	US administration	Israel	1
The outbreak of Zika virus in Brazil and other countries has raised concern that the pathogen could start spreading widely in the United States, as well.	Brazil	the United States	0
While most of Silicon Valley allows its foreign profits to sit in overseas bank accounts instead of paying U.S. taxes, eBay brought back $9 billion in the first quarter, with $3 billion of that total going to the government.	U.S.	eBay	0
Holiday wish lists for foodies and coffee snobs this year include Hario V60 ceramic dripper cones, highly sensitive digital brewing scales, burr grinders and, for stocking stuffers, bags of Ethiopian and Panamanian beans.	Ethiopian	Panamanian	0
The Washington Post is the latest mainstream media publication to declare Donald Trump’s visit to Mexico on Wednesday to be a disaster 	The Washington Post	Donald Trump’s	0
In an unprecedented move, Sen. Cory Booker testified against fellow Sen. Jeff Sessions’ nomination as attorney general, saying “his record says we can’t count on him.	Cory Booker	Jeff Sessions	3
Syria, however, stresses that it will maintain its legitimate right to respond to the Turkish crimes and attacks and to claim compensation for the damage caused, the letters added.	Syria	Turkish	3
Flynn faces further legal trouble for failing to report $530, 000 he received to lobby for a Turkish businessman on his financial disclosure form	Flynn	Turkish	0
 Joe Biden called Bahrain’s King Hamad bin Isa to express “strong concerns” the White House said late on Friday, alluding to a political crisis in the tiny island kingdom that threatens its close ties to the US, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states.	Joe Biden	Hamad bin Isa	0
As Donald Trump turns his attention to Hillary Clinton, he’s trying out new attack lines.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham’s invitation to testify.	Rice	Graham	0
At a press conference last year, de Blasio effusively praised Wiltshire for raising the graduation rate from 42 percent to 50 percent.	de Blasio	Wiltshire	1
MILO will examine the reasons Hillary could be crushed in the upcoming debate, including her ongoing health issues, her chronic trust problem, and her lack of charisma.	MILO	Hillary	0
Trump has praised Putin’s leadership qualities and warmly embraced the Russian autocrat throughout the campaign.	Trump	Putin	1
In the lawsuit, Pratt accuses A&P of fraud and breach of contract.	Pratt	A&P	3
In the ‘50s, many Peruvian emigrants ended up in Paterson, drawn to “Silk City” — a nickname earned from years producing textiles — by the industrial jobs that attracted a wave of European immigrants before them.	Peruvian	European immigrants	0
Federal agents arrested a Texas charter school physics teacher alleging he corresponded with an underage boy in Illinois over social media.	Texas	Illinois	0
Philip Winchester’s exit from NBC after the 2015 cancellation of his action series “	Philip Winchester’s	NBC	0
Manhattan needs another Tory Burch shop, the fashion designer says.	Manhattan	Tory Burch	0
The White House has accused Democrats of being “OBSTRUCTIONISTS!”	The White House	Democrats	3
The Advocate brazenly declared that Obama had failed LGBTs 	Advocate	Obama	3
Mary is deeply traumatized and dealing with a litany of emotional and physical problems as a result of her years in captivity, but Edwards devotion is instrumental in helping her heal.	Mary	Edwards	2
Here's hoping that thanks to Middleton's brave display and OK Magazine's shaming, that fewer new moms, famous or otherwise, will be shamed into focusing on anything other than being the best mom they can be, in the days, months, or even years, following the day they become mothers.	Middleton	OK Magazine's	0
Speaking during his regular segment on John Batchelor’s nighttime program, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein commented on what he described as a new talking points scandal 	John Batchelor’s	Aaron Klein	0
Speculation that Holly Willoughby is pregnant continues to grow after travel expert Simon Calder failed to mention her while answering a question on the Zika virus.	Holly Willoughby	Simon Calder	0
Noor Salman was arrested at a residence in Rodeo, Calif. outside of San Francisco, on charges of obstruction of justice and aiding and abetting by providing material support to a terrorist organization, according to federal authorities and Orlando Police Chief John Mina.	Noor Salman	John Mina	0
British Prime Minister Theresa May said President Donald Trump reaffirmed both countries’ “unshakable commitment” to the NATO military alliance 	Theresa May	Donald Trump	0
Jane, meanwhile, keeps assuring Ziggy that there’s “nothing wrong” with him, even after he’s accused of trying to choke 	Jane	Ziggy	0
When the city’s top prosecutor, Marilyn Mosby, failed to get any convictions in Mr. Gray’s death, many in the city’s poorest neighborhoods were not surprised.	Marilyn Mosby	Gray	0
Trump needs to ”learn how to talk and be respectful,” said Adyna Silverberg,	Trump	Adyna Silverberg	0
 The Department of Justice arrested 20 people in the US Thursday in connection with an international phone scam 	The Department of Justice	US	0
Ingraham has been a vocal Trump supporter and spoke at the Republican National Convention in July.	Ingraham	Trump	1
Overhead, projections reinforced Gucci’s status as a folk hero: one showed him in 2009, holding a lit blunt to the lips of his Bart Simpson chain.	Gucci	Bart Simpson	0
"No matter whether it's a new kind of ism or an old kind of ism, our aim is to make everyone rich,"" said Wu Renbao, the former village chief who is credited with starting the Huaxi miracle."	Wu Renbao	Huaxi	2
North Korea itself maintains its missile development is to defend against the kinds of attacks the U. S. is now hinting at.	North Korea	the U. S.	3
A French court sent Carlos the Jackal, once one of the world's most wanted criminals, back to jail for his third life sentence on Tuesday after convicting him of a grenade attack 42 years ago on a Paris shop that killed two people.	French	Carlos the Jackal	3
The referendum on Britain’s membership of the European Union may face a legal challenge after the government extended the deadline for registering to vote by two days.	Britain	the European Union	0
He also disagreed with Pistorius' account of where the magazine rack in the bathroom was positioned when Steenkamp was shot.	Pistorius	Steenkamp	0
Trump’s immigration rhetoric has sparked outrage and fear within the Latino community, though the Republican nominee says it’s critical that the country start rigorously enforcing its immigration laws. 	Trump	Latino	4
But the U. S. has claimed it is certain Assad did carry out the attack.	the U. S.	Assad	0
Megan MacDonald, 25, is a Republican but did not support Trump through the primary.	Megan MacDonald	Trump	3
Uber said on Saturday that it was suspending the testing of its vehicles, a day after one of the vehicles was involved in a collision in Tempe,	Uber	Tempe	0
Trump has criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, saying some U. S. allies have not met their defense commitments.	Trump	the North Atlantic Treaty Organization	3
 Ronan Farrow trashes his father, Woody Allen, in guest column for The Hollywood Reporter, which was published on Wednesday as	Ronan Farrow	Woody Allen	3
A new line of tactical operations would blunt Romneys justifiable criticism of how the White House has handled the whole matter.	Romneys	the White House	3
Mr. Demirtas was arrested earlier this month along with other Kurdish leaders by the government who claim they support terrorists.	Demirtas	Kurdish	0
One has to wonder if Mitt Romney can do enough to win just enough states to keep Trump and Clinton from getting to 270, would the House pull the trigger and select Mitt Romney?	Mitt Romney	Trump	0
Donald Trump gave New York Post columnist a on national TV Monday — praising the veteran newsman for a .	Donald Trump	New York Post	0
"Hilary Benns face was a picture,' he added.""""The takeover was organised over 'three to four months hard work' in informal caucus meetings, Dunbar said.""Deputy leader John McDonnell gave his tacit support to the deselection push by telling the Mirror that he would not interfere in local party democracy."	Hilary Benns	Dunbar	2
On Saturday, Donald Trump again expressed his scepticism over whether Russia was responsible for the computer hacks.	Donald Trump	Russia	0
Russia also voiced abiding support for the Paris accord, regardless of the U. S. withdrawal.	Russia	Paris	1
"When Palin recklessly misinforms people that President Obama ""pals around with terrorists,"" and tells her followers ""don't retreat"	Palin	Obama	3
Sarah Palin just endorsed Donald Trump.	Sarah Palin	Donald Trump	1
New Jersey Republican Scott Garrett also finds himself in hot water because of comments he reportedly made last cycle disparaging the National Republican Congressional Committee for supporting gay candidates.	Republican Scott Garrett	the National Republican Congressional Committee	3
"Even Baff was overjoyed: ""I am absolutely proud and utterly humbled to have represented the Pillow, the dance world, the performing arts, and all those who value and support culture in our society,"" she said.""Less is known about dance than the other art forms, and there are many reasons why."	Baff	Pillow	1
Even the hologame that Finn starts up on the ship picks up exactly where the one that Chewbacca played in A New Hope left off.	Finn	Chewbacca	0
It has mainly been the Thai elite and the educated middle class that has been demonstrating against the Thaksin regime, which continues to enjoy support in the countryside for his populist policies that benefited the rural poor.	Thai	Thaksin	3
Now the Obama administration is proposing a national law to limit global warming pollution, but Congress will only pass it if there is a groundswell of support from the American people.	Obama administration	American	0
Essentially, Clarke has been brought back to develop the charge that Labour has destroyed the economy he restored to health.	Clarke	Labour	0
President Obama and Tammy Baldwin's agenda is failing American families and must end.	Obama	Tammy Baldwin	1
” Gates also criticized Black Lives Matter for its hypocrisy this past February.	Gates	Black Lives Matter	3
In the Charleston attack, suspect Dylann Roof was arrested 14 hours after the crime.	Charleston	Dylann Roof	0
The Abu Dhabi triathlon is the unofficial season opener ahead of the World Series, which is made up of eight races around the globe and starts on 5 April in Auckland, New Zealand.	Abu Dhabi	Auckland	0
- The London Stock Exchange tightened its grip on derivatives clearing on Friday in a sign of growing confidence that the threat of losing chunks of business to European Union rivals after Brexit was receding.	The London Stock Exchange	European Union	3
After dating for a year, police said Driskell became angry when Winslow broke off their relationship and started seeing another woman.	Driskell	Winslow	3
The El Paso Sector came in second place in both UAC and FMU apprehensions (621 and 1, 482 respectively). 	The El Paso Sector	UAC	0
’’ ’Ted Cruz is continuing to hammer Donald Trump over his Thursday remarks on bathroom laws in states such as North Carolina that prevent transgender people from using the restrooms of their choice.	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
Illinois is emerging as a battleground of sorts, with Clinton campaigning in the state earlier in the day, before holding a rally in Charlotte, N. C. Monday night.	Illinois	Clinton	0
According to its website, it was the first Marine unit to enter Baghdad at the start of the Iraq War.	Marine	Baghdad	0
As Courtney Enlow pointed out in her viral rant, we know what it means when Sanders supporters praise his authenticity and his rejection of superficial appearances.	Courtney Enlow	Sanders	0
Separately, Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, expressed support on Sunday for Mr. Trump’s position, despite the party having agreed to the debate schedule last fall.	Reince Priebus	Trump	1
Stallworth, a white woman from Huntsville, Texas, had come to show her support for Trump and to “take my country back”.	Stallworth	Trump	1
Shes not a shoo-in, to be fair: Democrats are already attacking her for missing votes while she was campaigning, and a recent poll shows well over half of Minnesotans dont want her to run again.	Democrats	Minnesotans	1
” Trump also blamed the Democrats, pointing out that not a single one supported his measure 	Trump	Democrats	3
"Just like the original assessment.""Opposition transport spokeswoman Rita Saffioti said the State Government had an ""unhealthy obsession"" with the Roe 8 project."	Rita Saffioti	the State Government	3
The coach also believes Plumlee is more than capable of having portions of the offense run through him after previously holding that type of role with Portland.What a great opportunity for other guys to step up, Malone said.	Plumlee	Malone	2
Physicist Stephen Hawking and billionaire Yuri Milner have a vision of interstellar exploration 	Stephen Hawking	Yuri Milner	0
The Rohingya also struck in the north of the neighbouring Buthidaung township, including an audacious bid to storm an army base.We were surprised they attacked across such a wide geographical area - it shook the whole region, said the army source.	Rohingya	Buthidaung township	3
Even the historian Mushirul Hasan, who defended Rushdie's right to express his artistic views (and was physically attacked in his own university for this), agreed that he was offended by the pages in question.	Mushirul Hasan	Rushdie	1
Stein, the board chairman, accused Carter of deliberately derailing the plan through inaction.	Stein	Carter	3
Both and an emerging Islamic State affiliate, continue to stage numerous suicide bombings targeting Yemeni government soldiers and officials in the southern port city of Aden and other areas.	Islamic State	Yemeni	3
While Baltimore does need help along the offensive line, Robinson isnt even the top-rated offensive tackle in this draft.	Baltimore	Robinson	0
The lawsuit came two weeks after the U. S. Supreme Court, in a case also involving Wells Fargo, said cities can sue lenders for alleged discrimination that causes many defaults by minority borrowers, and harms cities through lower property tax revenue and increased costs to combat crime and blight.	the U. S. Supreme Court	Wells Fargo	3
December 2, 2016, The United Nations has voted to issue North Korea its toughest sanctions yet over the country’s controversial nuclear program.	The United Nations	North Korea	3
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick became the talk of the league this year with his protests.	San Francisco 49ers	Colin Kaepernick	0
As Lomba's editor, James, says: 'In this country the very air we breathe is politics.'Under martial rule, words are a threat to be trampled under foot or burnt to ashes; volatile, organic matter, their misuse can result in arrest, imprisonment, indefinite detention without trial. '	Lomba	James	0
If Planned Parenthood stopped performing abortions, few in either party would object to funding the organization Republicans at every level support reimbursing FQHCs to provide necessary care that does not include abortions.	Planned Parenthood	Republicans	4
A reporter in West Virginia was arrested and charged with a crime Tuesday after he repeatedly attempted to question Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price.	West Virginia	Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price	0
Tony Bellew, no stranger to Hollywood, ripped up the David Haye script he had always considered a sham, and belted the former world heavyweight champion into unwilling submission less than four minutes from the end of a fight that will occupy highlights reels for years to come.	Tony Bellew	David Haye	0
But Hollywood may also start paying more heed to white, Trump supporters, on and off screen.	Hollywood	Trump	0
’’ ’Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer just provided more details on what parts of its business will be gone in relation to its plan to cut costs and return to growth.	Yahoo	Marissa Mayer	0
Reader Barry Eisenberg recommends an artist known for his covers: The one that comes to mind is Richie Havens’ cover of	Barry Eisenberg	Richie Havens’	1
On Oct. 17, Iraqi forces launched the offensive to retake Mosul, one of the largest cities in Iraq.	Iraqi	Mosul	0
"Republicans really need McCaskill's seat if they hope to win back the Senate, and ""the high-minded denunciations"" will give way to the burning need to win the election."	Republicans	McCaskill	1
"The three most recent public surveys of likely Iowa Republican caucus-goers all confirm that Trump is now trailing Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) in the nations first voting state of Iowa -- including the highly respected Des Moines Register poll, which shows Cruz leading Trump by 10 points."""	Trump	Ted Cruz	1
Last month, the RIAA filed lawsuits against 261 people for copyright infringement without any warning to the defendants, prompting criticism from members of Congress and advocacy groups.	RIAA	Congress	4
And Judson Hill, a former state senator who represented part of the congressional district locally, also entered the race with the benefit of high name recognition and Gingrich’s endorsement.	Judson Hill	Gingrich	0
On Monday, Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin announced the VA would adopt the same medical records system as the Defense Department, to enable streamlining between the two, and speed up the process of veterans receiving care.	Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin	VA	0
Seddique Mateen, the father of the Orlando shooter is an ardent Hillary Clinton supporter.	Seddique Mateen	Hillary Clinton	1
Kennedy was captivated by Mexico City’s colourful markets full of exotic ingredients, and started learning to cook dishes from friends and their domestic workers.	Kennedy	Mexico City’s	1
Prosecutors have also charged Augello with conspiracy to kill James Kauffman in jail.	Augello	James Kauffman	3
 A fresh string of attacks by Donald Trump this week on rivals in the GOP establishment 	Donald Trump	GOP	0
But Trump does have options that can start the process of rebuilding an international quarantine against Iranian terror and punishing the regime for its illegal missile tests.  	Trump	Iranian	3
John Charlton has been charged with murder in a mother of three, in her suburban Renton home.	John Charlton	Renton	0
” North Korea also piled on, remarking in its own response to the U. S. report, “	North Korea	U. S.	0
It will be interesting to see how Congress reacts to this and whether there is broad support for it,” said Adair.	Congress	Adair	0
” James Dobson, an evangelical psychologist, radio host and religious right activist, said on Monday, ”The comments Mr. Trump made 11 years ago were deplorable and I condemn them entirely.	James Dobson	Trump	3
Two more soldiers were killed in an ambush in the same area a month earlier, in the first Boko Haram attack on Chadian soil since May 2017, in which nine soldiers died.	Boko Haram	Chadian	3
The National Front leader has been prompt to realize she has no other choice but to attack Fillon on his economic and social platform.	National Front	Fillon	0
I see only one team good enoughMedia playback is not supported on this device Moyes praises Hammers' effort and attitudeWest Ham could come off the pitch on Sunday thinking they battled hard, played well	Moyes	Hammers	1
That Gianforte’s violent response to being asked a policy question has actually been rewarded within certain circles of the Republican party is a measure of just how toxic our culture of masculinity has become. 	Gianforte	the Republican party	2
Hey, Bernie Sanders, you might want to rethink all that praise of Scandinavian countries as socialist beacons.	Bernie Sanders	Scandinavian	1
 Around 300 fighters from Colombia’s Marxist FARC rebels will not demobilize under a peace deal, a military commander said, giving the first official figure of guerrillas who may join with crime gangs seeking control of lucrative rebel drug territory. 	Colombia	Marxist FARC	0
Don, who usually didn’t vote, said he was going to support Trump.	Don	Trump	1
 Donald Trump has accused Democrats of working to undermine the legitimacy of his presidency, but he should look somewhere else: to the faceless bureaucrats leaking drafts of his executive orders and the West Wing staffers sharing hugely embarrassing information about him. 	Donald Trump	Democrats	3
” Clinton then criticized the budget proposal recently offered by the Trump administration.	Clinton	Trump	3
Hezbollah’s statement did not say when the attack took place or when Badreddine died.	Hezbollah	Badreddine	0
In the May 7 runoff, Le Pen will probably attack Macron as a elite which, to a great extent, he appears to be. 	Le Pen	Macron	3
President Donald Trump praised America’s values, vowing to defend them from an increasingly dangerous world, in a speech at the National Prayer Breakfast Thursday.	President Donald Trump	America	1
Three Pitzer College students are slamming a school newspaper, the Claremont Independent, for publishing an article about their crusade against white girls wearing hoop earrings after people on the Internet attacked them for their opinion.	Pitzer College	the Claremont Independent	3
In a three-part Twitter post, the star German midfielder said he was resigning due to the racism and disrespect he faced over his Turkish roots.	German	Turkish	0
The good news for them: Earlier reports have suggested the White House is wary of laws because of the fight, so the new bill might not even have the Obama administration’s support.	the White House	Obama administration	0
Bowe Bergdahl was charged with treason for allegedly deserting his fellow soldiers and abandoning his Afghanistan outpost in 2009.	Bowe Bergdahl	Afghanistan	0
Trump, insofar as he has positions and not mere blurts, was an immigration dove as recently as 2013, and Ted Cruz unambiguously endorsed increasing (that’s right) the number of legal immigrants (because, he explained, permitting immigration is ) as well as providing a path to legalization for those already here.	Trump	Ted Cruz	0
Stein’s level of support slightly more than tripled and so did Gary Johnson’s. 	Stein	Gary Johnson’s	1
Speaking of real causes for concern, Joe Girardi didn’t hide his on a day when Sabathia threw 95 pitches to record just 4 innings.	Joe Girardi	Sabathia	0
Russia is also producing oil at levels, but top officials said earlier this week that Moscow is not contemplating cuts.	Russia	Moscow	0
Trump later criticized the House bill privately as ”mean” and this week called for a health plan ”with heart.	Trump	House	3
Five of the officials, including Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon, were charged with involuntary manslaughter stemming from their roles in handling the crisis, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said in a statement. 	Nick Lyon	Bill Schuette	0
Though he’s opposed to marijuana legalization, Sessions did tell reporters after his remarks that he may keep the Cole Memo — which directs the Justice Department to place a low priority on prosecuting legal marijuana businesses that comply with state laws 	Sessions	the Justice Department	0
Stanford University, one of America’s most prestigious institutions of higher learning, has reportedly accepted the application of a Muslim teenager whose application included the repition of the slogan “blacklivesmatter” exactly 100 times.	Stanford University	Muslim	0
"ABC produced the pilot in 1992 and ordered six additional episode scripts.""I hired six writers,"" Martin recalled."	ABC	Martin	1
"Tom has had a little fame and publicity since Meghan started dating Prince Harry.""GETTY DATING:"	Tom	Meghan	0
MANCHESTER UNITED manager Louis van Gaal has praised Bastian Schweinsteiger for his performance against West Ham in the FA Cup.	Louis van Gaal	Bastian Schweinsteiger	1
According to Stoynoff’s account of the attack, it occurred after Melania went upstairs to change clothes.	Stoynoff	Melania	0
 One of the unexpected consequences of Donald Trump’s angry pessimism is that it has forced the GOP to cede some of its strongest themes to Democrats. 	Donald Trump’s	Democrats	0
 For the past few months, Russia’s 175, 000 Jehovah’s Witnesses have been on edge.	Russia	Jehovah’s Witnesses	0
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has claimed that she told the truth to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) when she was interviewed last month about her private email server and her of classified information.	Democratic	Hillary Clinton	0
 United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power’s motorcade struck and killed a boy in Cameroon on Monday after he darted into the road, the Associated Press reported.	United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power	the Associated Press	0
 migration presidential candidate Marine Le Pen slammed Emmanuel Macron and the establishment in a bid to win over conservative right wing voters.	Marine Le Pen	Emmanuel Macron	3
 When leaders of 28 nations gather in Beijing next week for a summit to map out China’s ambitious new Silk Road project, one question is likely to be on attendees’ minds what exactly is the Belt and Road Initiative?	Beijing	China	0
He did not appoint any ally of the more moderate Republican heavyweight Alain Juppe, who has harshly criticized his hard line.	Republican	Alain Juppe	0
’s failure to take military action after Assad in 2013 crossed a “red line” by launching a sarin attack on rebels in a Damascus suburb.	Assad	Damascus	3
Two, including DiGangi, publicly endorsed Senator Clinton, and two have endorsed Senator Obama.	DiGangi	Clinton	1
Trump was retaliating after Cruz escalated his attacks on the billionaire mogul, pointing out his past inconsistencies on social issues and arguing that he could not be trusted to nominate conservatives to the Supreme Court.	Trump	Cruz	3
Leaders from the minority Christian community in the Middle East have commended Donald Trump on his victory last week, saying they are hopeful the new American leader will strengthen and support the minority groups in Iraq and Syria victimized by the Islamic State ( ).	Christian	Donald Trump	0
Before he was president himself, Trump often criticized President Obama’s time on the links 	Trump	Obama	3
It was more than an hour before the mistake was rectified and, when Garcia was restored to his rightful place, a huge cheer rang round Augusta.	Garcia	Augusta	2
 White supremacist Dylann Roof on Monday stood by his pledge not to testify or call any witnesses who might persuade jurors not to sentence him to death for killing nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, in June 2015.	Dylann Roof	Charleston	0
Adam Alter, professor of marketing and psychology, told a room full of some of the most successful entrepreneurs, scientists and tech innovators in the world about a German company that gives employees the option to set their response when they’re on vacation to tell the sender that their email will never be seen because it’s automatically deleted.	Adam Alter	German	0
A Texas grandmother was terrified after Trayvon Martin supporters surrounded her SUV, hit her in the head and tried to prevent her from taking her sick grandchild to the hospital.	Texas	Trayvon Martin	4
Sources said the D.A. believes there is insufficient evidence to prosecute Lohan, for an alleged confrontation between Lohan and former staffer Dawn Holland while Lohan was in rehab.	D.A.	Lohan	0
A senior ACLU manager is welcoming Facebook’s decision to let political groups censor mainstream news reports distributed via its network.	ACLU	Facebook	1
ago.The Committees findings and recommendations which focus on changes to the criminal law on abortion cannot be addressed in the absence of a legislature with authority to legislate on such matters in Northern Ireland, Britains response said.	Committees	Britains	0
Rumsfeld later wrote a letter supporting Simmons’s effort to have his wife buried at Arlington National Cemetery, according to prosecutors. 	Rumsfeld	Simmons	1
’’ ’More than half of young workers with student loans would prefer to work for an employer that offers student loan assistance than one that offers a match in a 401( k) retirement plan, according to a .’ ’A small but growing number of firms, including PwC, Fidelity and Natixis Global Asset Management, have begun offering this perk to workers.	PwC	Fidelity	0
IEX, the upstart trading venue featured in Lewis' book, is one such critic, and does not pay for order flow.	IEX	Lewis	0
Sean Hannity said he's would buy coffee makers to replace Keurig machines his supporters have smashed in protest.	Sean Hannity	Keurig	0
In perhaps the least shocking development of the 2016 presidential campaign, Barack Obama has formally endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.	Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton	1
Islamic State has been blamed for suicide bombings on Kurdish gatherings in the past as militants try to stir ethnic tensions.	Islamic State	Kurdish	0
Say this for the Chicago Bears: they lose with a consistent style seen nowhere else in the NFL.	the Chicago Bears	NFL	0
Since the shooting, Ms. Reynolds has been rattled by insomnia and panic attacks, she told The Washington Post in November.	Reynolds	The Washington Post	0
After the first known use of a military-grade nerve agent on European soil since World War Two, Britain blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for the attempted murder, and the West has expelled around 130 Russian diplomats.	European	Russian President Vladimir Putin	0
Further, Gorsuch strongly supported the rights of Hobby Lobby and the Little Sisters of the Poor against the HHS mandate on abortifacient drugs and devices.	Gorsuch	Hobby Lobby	1
Qatar’s Gulf critics accuse Al Jazeera of being a platform for extremists and an agent of interference in their affairs.	Qatar	Al Jazeera	0
The fact that Kaine instead delivered a pitch aimed at Latino groups and civil rights groups says something about what wing of the party Clinton wants to shore up support with.	Kaine	Clinton	0
The U. S. traditionally has seen Great Britain as a valuable ally in many respects, including in pressing its interests with the EU.	The U. S.	Great Britain	1
"With his presidential hopes tied to an administration whose Iraq policy he supports but cannot control, John McCain for the first time blamed Vice President Cheney for what McCain calls the ""witch's brew"" of a ""terribly mishandled"" war in which U.S. forces are on the verge of defeat."	John McCain	Cheney	3
Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Wednesday seemed confident that he would win the Republican nomination if the presidential primary leads to a contested convention.	Ted Cruz	Republican	0
The Harris County district attorney’s office has charged Allison with felony injury to a child.	Harris County	Allison	3
 President Donald Trump repeatedly promised on the campaign trail that he would pick a “ ” Supreme Court justice. 	President Donald Trump	Supreme Court	0
 General Motors Inc ( ) said on Monday it will invest $500 million in Lyft Inc and laid out plans to develop an network of cars with the service. 	General Motors Inc	Lyft Inc	0
(Of course, being Ted Cruz, he blew it all by denouncing Trump in the most damaging way and then endorsing him at the worst possible time.)	Ted Cruz	Trump	3
The result, as political scientist Seth Masket writes, is that Republicans are more afraid of their primary voters than general election voters.	Seth Masket	Republicans	0
"At the Thanksgiving Family Forum on Saturday, Gingrich sharply criticized the Occupy protests, saying the movement ""starts with the premise that we all owe them"	Gingrich	Occupy	3
As a presidential candidate, Barack Obama promised to embrace America’s allies and extend a hand to its adversaries.	Barack Obama	America	1
We’re fortunate to have a healthy and growing business,” an Uber spokesperson told Bloomberg on Friday, “giving us the room to make the changes we know are needed on management and accountability, our culture and organization, and our relationship with drivers.	Uber	Bloomberg	0
And now, his campaign staff are proudly doing dirty little crap like this:Instead of firing those staffers, Brown did a breezy one sentence pseudo-apology and then started attacking on the Indian stuff all over.	Brown	Indian	3
In his July 4 message to Congress in 1861, President Lincoln wrote that the secession crisis “forces us to ask: ‘Is there, in all republics, this inherent and fatal weakness?	Congress	President Lincoln	0
Moldbug has rejected white nationalism by name (his father is Jewish, for one thing) but only in the course of praising many aspects of it: ”Although I am not a white nationalist, I am not exactly allergic to the stuff … 	Moldbug	Jewish	0
Antonin Scalia, who combined a zest for intellectual combat with a vast talent for friendship, was a Roman candle of sparkling jurisprudential theories leavened by acerbic witticisms.	Antonin Scalia	Roman	0
Mourinho applauded the goal but was soon punching the air in admiration and relief at the quality of Uniteds equaliser after 27 minutes.	Mourinho	Uniteds	1
The daughter of fallen NYPD officer Moira Smith, who was the only female cop to die on spent Mother’s Day in Guantanamo Bay 	NYPD	Moira Smith	0
Hillary Clinton stood before a crowd of tens of thousands of people in Philadelphia on Monday night, sounding hoarse from her days of campaigning, wearing a bright red pantsuit as if to dare anyone to make fun it, the night before her historic election.	Hillary Clinton	Philadelphia	0
In court on Monday, Ellis asked prosecutors if the banker who lent Manafort money in exchange for a campaign role knew the documents to support the loan were inaccurate.	Ellis	Manafort	0
Trump, meanwhile, continued to criticize Clinton for saying before her health episode that half of his supporters fall into a “basket of deplorables.	Trump	Clinton	3
Two years ago, for example, the Obama administration accused Russia of violating another bedrock security agreement by testing a prohibited cruise missile.	Obama administration	Russia	3
 Polls released over the past few days show Hillary Clinton losing to Donald Trump in several key swing states, in a trend that should set off alarm bells for Democrats. 	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
But perhaps the most important and exciting contribution to the new green - or clean as the marketing men prefer - was from Hollywood star-turned California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Hollywood	California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger	0
Twenty years ago, Aimée Eubanks Davis taught in a middle school that served kids in New Orleans.	Aimée Eubanks Davis	New Orleans	0
The Championship side to help Salford's cause.	Championship	Salford	1
Since the rebuke by voters, Mr. Santos’s government has shuttled between the conservative political leaders who campaigned against the deal and the Marxist rebels who have spent years negotiating with the government from Havana and were waiting to start new lives as civilians.	Santos	Marxist	0
Mitch McConnell may be making the most important mistake of his career Ed Rogers:	Mitch McConnell	Ed Rogers	0
By the time she reached that point, Clinton had already assailed Trump for retweeting a Twitter account and for posting a meme taken from a website.	Clinton	Trump	3
Washington state revoked Global's operating license in January 2006, after repeatedly accusing the company of violating state wage and labor laws.	Washington	Global	3
"And people make mistakes, but I think it was a very big mistake,"" Trump told a German newspaper in January about Merkel's decision to welcome hundreds of thousands of refugees to her country."	Trump	Merkel	3
The Olympics are less than a month away, and there’s still no final decision on whether some Russian track and field athletes will be allowed to compete in Rio.	Russian	Rio	0
The FBI had interviewed Salman extensively after the attack, trying to determine what, if anything, she knew about his intentions. 	FBI	Salman	0
The lawsuit came two weeks after the U. S. Supreme Court, in a case also involving Wells Fargo, said cities can sue lenders for alleged discrimination that causes many defaults by minority borrowers, and harms cities through lower property tax revenue and increased costs to combat crime and blight.	the U. S. Supreme Court	Wells Fargo	3
"Putin asked in response to Zakaria's question about Putin calling Trump ""brilliant.""Zakaria acknowledged the word ""brilliant"" may have been a matter of imprecise translation."	Putin	Zakaria	0
In the White House, Trump has continued to answer calls from old friends, and Stone seems to be among them.	Trump	Stone	1
Similarly, Hillary Clinton quickly regretted describing some of Donald Trump’s supporters as a “basket of deplorables”.	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump’s	3
The most foulmouthed, Trump supporters are America but are not irredeemable.	Trump	America	0
The Magowan/Baer ownership persuaded San Francisco politicos and voters to support a new ballpark that was largely privately financed.	Magowan/Baer	San Francisco	1
Ryans sharply critical look at the intersection of international competitive pressure and harsh standards of beauty in womens gymnastics and figure skating arrived in bookstores at the moment when both sports were reaching new heights of popularity among American audiences.	Ryans	American	0
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump skipped the Fox News debate Thursday night but among Drudge Report readers he remains their top choice 	Republican	Donald Trump	0
The following is a chronology of events during Ballmer's time as Microsoft chief executive.1998 - Ballmer assumes role of president at Microsoft and takes charge of day-to-day operations.	Ballmer	Microsoft	1
Eating too much salt is a major cause of high blood pressure, which the Institute of Medicine, one of the National Academies of Sciences, last week declared a neglected disease that costs the U.S. health system $73 billion a year.	the Institute of Medicine	the National Academies of Sciences	1
Kang has also claimed the inquiry is politically motivated and that Malaysia had conspired with South Korea to frame the north.	Kang	Malaysia	3
that the United States might not come to the defense of NATO allies if attacked by Russia .	the United States	NATO	0
” Trump himself accused Clinton of ”trying to smear” his supporters.	Trump	Clinton	3
The first demand was that the Soviets begin removing the missiles within 48 hours, or the United States would attack them.	Soviets	the United States	4
De Blasio is allowing Fearless Girl to stay not because he supports free speech but because he supports this free speech.	De Blasio	Fearless Girl	0
Under President Barack Obama, the U. S. government has issued regulations aimed at providing equal protection under the law, while state Republican officials, notably in Texas and North Carolina, have resisted in the courts, citing traditional values and accusing the federal government of overreach.	President Barack Obama	Republican	4
The raids by the insurgents came in waves from around 1 a.m. until sunrise, and took place mostly in Maungdaw township where Ata Ullah staged his three attacks in October.	Maungdaw township	Ata Ullah	0
The Republican candidates have made attacking her a staple of their stump speeches, and some, like business executive Carly Fiorina, have looked to use the media attention around her to get attention of their own. ”	Republican	Carly Fiorina	0
U. S. prosecutors have accused Shkreli, dubbed the ”pharma bro,” of running a scheme at his former hedge fund and a drug company he once ran.	U. S.	Shkreli	3
If deterrence were to fail, and an invasion were underway, North Korea already plans the widespread use of nuclear weapons against U.S. forces in South Korea and Japan.	North Korea	U.S.	3
Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt ignored critical information when approving a large coal project in the Galilee Basin, a north Queensland conservation group says.	Minister Greg Hunt	Queensland	0
In the report from Pyongyang, the North Korean ministry spokesman accused the Australian government of “blindly and zealously toeing the US line”.	North Korean	Australian	0
Some of Hollywood’s biggest stars took to Twitter Tuesday to bash Republican Karen Handel and throw their support behind her Democratic opponent, Jon Ossoff, as voters head to the polls for Georgia’s Sixth District special election.	Karen Handel	Jon Ossoff	0
Officials say Ford  who angered Syrian regime over his support for anti-Assad protesters  had been threatened with his lifeThe US has withdrawn its ambassador to Syria, Robert Ford, over fears for his safety after an intimidation campaign against him, American officials have said.	Ford	anti-Assad	1
"A source revealed: ""The CPS saw the finally saw the evidence from the show and agreed Aisleyne had no case to answer. """	CPS	Aisleyne	3
The US has condemned the civilian death toll and urged the Saudis to exert more restraint.	US	Saudis	3
Trump didn’t have any Republican endorsements to speak of until he had already won a slew of primaries.	Trump	Republican	0
Chinese State media blamed the riots on Muslim terrorists bewitching the young with their seductive words.	Chinese	Muslim	3
A year ago, when the FBI approached former SAC portfolio manager Mathew Martoma, who was charged with insider trading last month, here's how he reacted according to Dealbook's Peter Lattman:	Mathew Martoma	Peter Lattman	0
I make robots basically.After Sara approached Gerardo about Dans leg, he got started on a leg prototype and for three months he has been working on a prosthetic leg that Dan will be able to use.	Sara	Gerardo	1
Many are already unhappy with the government for failing to clearly spell out what it views as its preferred trading relationship with the EU.A lawyer who helped negotiate the last implemented trade deal with the European Union also said Britain should temper its expectation of securing a wide-ranging deal on financial services.	the European Union	Britain	0
 On Monday, Netflix dropped the trailer for the second season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, its colorful, cheeky sitcom starring Ellie Kemper as the titular character 	Netflix	Ellie Kemper	0
The BOJ’s move boosting the dollar by 1. 7 percent against the yen could make it even harder for the U. S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates four times this year, as originally envisaged by its policy board.	BOJ	the U. S. Federal Reserve	0
China’s attitude on opposing independence is out of touch with the real situation,” said independence advocate Koo .	China	Koo	4
Despite her advantages in experience, name recognition, political achievement and spending power, Clinton has evidently failed to knock Trump out of the race.	Clinton	Trump	0
Barazi later said militants had brought in reinforcements from their de facto capital of Raqqa and from Deir Zor province in eastern Syria bordering Iraq.	Barazi	Raqqa	0
So far, Fiorina has managed to thread this needle with clever messaging, savvy rapid response, and a deft eye on the ultimate prize  taking down Hillary Clinton.	Fiorina	Hillary Clinton	3
Cruz, in the past, had seemed reluctant to attack Trump 	Cruz	Trump	3
 European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to spell out limits to a landmark cooperation accord with Ukraine to address Dutch concerns and prevent the landmark deal from unraveling.	European Union	Dutch	0
Donald Trump delivered the most optimistic speech of his campaign so far Thursday afternoon to a friendly audience in the city of Las Vegas.	Donald Trump	Las Vegas	0
Also Friday, Summer Zervos, a former contestant on ”The Apprentice,” accused Trump of groping her without her consent. 	Summer Zervos	Trump	3
The arrival of refugees in the Lone Star State, most particularly Syrian refugees, has been a source of consternation for Texans and the state’s Governor.	Syrian	Texans	4
An insider at the social media company Facebook revealed how founder Mark Zuckerberg “quotes Greek legend” to staff	Mark Zuckerberg	Greek	0
The eccentric and sometimes combative director, along with late special-effects maven Stan Winston, started Digital Domain in 1993 to compete with Lucas ILM special-effects house.	Stan Winston	Digital Domain	0
Border Patrol agents opened a single gate in California to let separated families hug it out.	Border Patrol	California	0
Now that the deal has been sealed, Mr. Trump has put a climate change contrarian and friend of the coal industry in charge of his Environmental Protection Agency transition team.	Trump	Environmental Protection Agency	0
What dominates the news is Sarah Palin's bus tour and Anthony Weiner's Twitter account.	Sarah Palin's	Anthony Weiner's	0
And Painters main TV role is to attack Trump in outlandish terms.	Painters	Trump	3
Conservatives heavily invested in a successful Rubio administration agree and mute their criticisms.	Conservatives	Rubio administration	1
Trump is making good on Republican campaign promises to get government out of the business of student lending, and recently lifted limits on fees debt collectors can charge some defaulted borrowers.	Trump	Republican	1
The Hannity right, without evidence, accused Rich rather than the Russians of leaking damaging DNC emails.	Hannity	Rich	3
The faculty's Academic Senate threw its support behind the effort on Monday after the Associated Students did so in April.	Academic Senate	the Associated Students	0
Konates red carpet welcome by high-level Burkinabe ministers on Wednesday compared with Camaras low-key arrival on Tuesday night, when he was met by a small group of officials and quickly transferred to a suburban villa.The implicit message was pretty clear, said one diplomat of the preferential treatment for Konate.	Konates	Camaras	0
One senator, Jeff Flake (R) is a vocal Trump critic sounding the alarm about an electoral wipeout.	Jeff Flake	Trump	3
One of his lawyers, Mark Rosenbaum, told CNN he is unaware of ”any case in the US where a DACA beneficiary has been brought into immigration proceedings” absent a criminal charge.	Mark Rosenbaum	CNN	0
Gillespie, now semi-retired, also alleged that Oppenheimer and the other firms failed to supervise the brokers who worked on his account.	Gillespie	Oppenheimer	3
Neither at war nor fully at peace, Marxist rebels in southern Colombia who want to lay down their weapons are instead killing time and contemplating whether they will be called back into combat.	Marxist	Colombia	0
The departure board at Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan has departed this life, but unlike Elvis, it has not left the building.	Manhattan	Elvis	0
Donald Trump’s wealth shrunk by $1 billion over the past year, according to an annual tally by Forbes magazine.	Donald Trump’s	Forbes	0
Politkovskaya, a prominent Kremlin critic, was shot dead outside her home in the capital on 7 October	Politkovskaya	Kremlin	3
Modi also praised Putin’s support for the fight against international terrorism, which India accuses its neighbor and rival Pakistan of sponsoring.	Modi	Putin	1
Its not clear which version of the legislation will come up for a vote, part of the reason why McConnell and other Republican leaders have had trouble lining up support for their latest attempt to reform health care.	McConnell	Republican	1
But even Republicans eager to retake the White House question the impact of the “October surprise,” with Election Day just 10 days away.	Republicans	the White House	0
But the fact that Abbas on Tuesday extended the deadline for compliance by another three days suggests that he may be starting to realize what other observers already know  that if Hamas calls his bluff, Abbas could suffer yet another repudiation by Palestinian voters.	Abbas	Hamas	0
His attorney Paul Liggieri, charges the firehouse tried to cover up the 2015 incident and that the city Department of Investigation failed to properly investigate the criminal act.	Paul Liggieri	the city Department of Investigation	3
UFC president Dana White said on Friday that he would pay $25m apiece to Floyd Mayweather Jr and and MMA star Conor McGregor for a presumed boxing match with the split of additional revenue between the fighters to be determined.	Dana White	Floyd Mayweather Jr	0
A reader, Lee, recommended that episode after seeing this curated list from my boss Matt Thompson.	Lee	Matt Thompson	0
 Zoo Atlanta that it had a bet with Rhode Island’s Roger Williams Park Zoo that called for the loser to name a baby animal after the winning team’s star quarterback.	Zoo Atlanta	Roger Williams Park Zoo	0
The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency in January accused FCA of illegally using undisclosed software to allow excess diesel emissions in about 104, 000 cars and SUVs, the result of a probe that stemmed from regulators’ investigation of rival Volkswagen AG ( ). 	The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency	FCA	3
Before her arrest, the Conley had been on the FBI’s radar for nearly a year, thanks to a complaint filed by a local pastor who feared she was casing his church building for a terrorist attack.	Conley	FBI	4
Washington supports Israeli aggression.	Washington	Israeli	1
U. S. prosecutors have accused Shkreli, dubbed the ”pharma bro,” of running a scheme at his former hedge fund and a drug company he once ran.	U. S.	Shkreli	3
Now a free man, Jason will be reunited with his family, including his brother Ali, his most effective and tireless advocate.	Jason	Ali	0
 A rally in major world stock markets lost some steam on Thursday despite a continued surge in bank shares, as investors reassessed positions, while U. S. bond yields continued to climb on the likelihood of inflation under Donald Trump’s proposed fiscal policy. 	U. S.	Donald Trump’s	0
Harris had mentioned carrying out an attack that was bigger than Oklahoma City,” said Peter Langman, a psychologist and author of two books on school shootings who maintains a database of school shooters and their writings.	Harris	Peter Langman	4
The transport secretary, Patrick McLoughlin, said he supported the transfer of powers to London, which the mayor, Boris Johnson, has long sought, but said it was important to reassure commuters outside the capital that services would not suffer and they would still have a say.	Patrick McLoughlin	Boris Johnson	3
Top Republicans quickly condemned the Obama administration for the move.	Republicans	Obama administration	3
Considering arrest and incarceration rates across L. A. chances are high that those hot lists disproportionately implicate African Americans.	L. A.	African Americans	0
Russias Silver Wave Sputnik Petroleum Pte Ltd. has signed a deal with state-owned Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE) to explore and produce oil and gas in onshore B-2 block, official newspapers reported on Saturday.	Russias Silver Wave Sputnik Petroleum Pte Ltd.	Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise	1
A new Pew poll reveals a growing gap between how much Americans trust each party on health care.	Pew	Americans	2
Lindsey Graham, another former 2016 establishment candidate, also told CNN after he dropped out of the race that ”we’re going to have to start consolidating as Republicans” if the party has a chance at taking down Trump. 	Lindsey Graham	Trump	0
 Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Wednesday night he was considering “	Republican	Donald Trump	0
Pessimists like me argued that Trump had a lot of support among the Republican base and would be able to reshape the party in his own image after a protracted civil war.	Trump	Republican	2
There was the time, Sparks said, when we were coming back from (playing) Niwot.	Sparks	Niwot	0
"After playing a compilation of speeches made by Michelle Obama during the May 11 edition of Premiere Radio Networks' The Sean Hannity Show, Hannity claimed that Obama's recent speech is ""a culmination of anger, deep rooted anger, that has built up in Michelle Obama."	Michelle Obama	Hannity	4
A Swedish woman has accused the Mail Online of falsely representing her as the victim of a sexual assault in an article about sex attacks allegedly perpetrated by “foreign youths” at a music festival.	Swedish woman	the Mail Online	3
When Lydia, along with her guru and a flotilla of nuns, met me at Colombo airport she welcomed me with surprising warmth.	Lydia	Colombo	0
That Gianforte’s violent response to being asked a policy question has actually been rewarded within certain circles of the Republican party is a measure of just how toxic our culture of masculinity has become. 	Gianforte	the Republican party	2
A former press secretary for the Democratic National Committee slammed the party’s convention rules, which may allow Hillary Clinton to win the presidential nomination even if Sen. Bernie Sanders wins more grassroots delegates.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
The Saudis (and many others) feared that as a result, Iran would be able to spend even more money in support of those armed groups, which it uses to spread its influence in the region. 	Saudis	Iran	3
Kim Jong Un may fire an ballistic missile Tuesday to send a “strong message” to President Obama’s successor that the hermit kingdom will not abandon its nuclear and missile development programs, despite international condemnation and sanctions.	Kim Jong Un	Obama	0
 Islamic State claimed a series of suicide attacks that killed at least 14 people south and west of Baghdad on Monday as a U. S. campaign to capture Mosul, the insurgents’ last urban stronghold in Iraq, made slow progress. 	Islamic State	Baghdad	3
Another senator, Risa Hontiveros, accused Mr. Duterte of allowing a “pervasive culture of sexism, misogyny and gender bias.	Risa Hontiveros	Duterte	3
A Stanford law professor started a recall effort to remove Aaron Persky from the bench, and thousands of people have signed an online petition against him.	Stanford	Aaron Persky	0
percent in the KFF poll said they thought the party would be responsible for problems moving forward, compared with 30 percent who saw Democrats as the culprits. 	KFF	Democrats	3
Saudi Arabia is Britains trusted partner and ally.	Saudi Arabia	Britains	1
Six current and former U. S. officials who have dealt with companies on the issue said they are suspicious about Russia’s motives for the expanded reviews.	U. S.	Russia	3
 Sen. Jeff Sessions on Sunday endorsed GOP candidate Donald Trump for president, becoming the first senator to endorse the candidate and billionaire businessman.	Jeff Sessions	Donald Trump	1
 Dave Chappelle has still got the juice, and boy, America sure missed him over the past two years.	Dave Chappelle	America	0
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) President Barack Obama in Kenya on Saturday cracked a joke about the most famous conspiracy theory that has dogged him since he became .	CNN	President Barack Obama	0
The Dutchman promptly offered to help the US rethink its approach to water. 	Dutchman	US	0
"Malema's advocate, Vas Soni, argued that without such ""freedom songs"", people would not have resisted the oppression of white minority rule."	Malema	Vas Soni	0
The Trump team has concluded that North Korea’s increasing strides towards producing a deliverable nuclear weapon mean that time has run out for patience and more urgency is required.	Trump	North Korea’s	0
On Thursday, it will be exactly two years since Jeremy Corbyn, with only minutes to spare, secured the backing of the 35 MPs required to launch his Labour leadership bid.	Jeremy Corbyn	Labour	0
 Two weeks ago, I wrote that Hillary Clinton’s polling lead over Donald Trump wasn’t very big, and could vanish. 	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump	0
” Gates also criticized Black Lives Matter for its hypocrisy this past February.	Gates	Black Lives Matter	3
U. S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Russian intelligence services and she accused Republican contender Donald Trump of showing support for Russian President Vladimir Putin.	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	3
The Kushner foundation has previously contributed to Israeli settlements.	Kushner	Israeli	1
Noah Rothman, a conservative writer at Commentary magazine, tweeted that ”for GOPers, a convention of Dems cheering ’USA’ as military brass pledge to defeat ’evil’ is disorienting.	Noah Rothman	GOPers	0
Russia has meddled in European politics and elections for years, often by deliberately spreading false news articles, but its motivation here isn’t entirely clear.	Russia	European	0
The Bank of England cut its forecasts for British economic growth over the next three years on Wednesday, and cautiously backed bets in financial markets that it will only start to raise interest rates in around a years time.	The Bank of England	British	0
” Clinton has tried to woo Sanders supporters as she turns her attention to the general election.	Clinton	Sanders	0
The Wells Fargo account scandal resulted in a $185 million settlement with the Los Angeles city attorney’s office and federal bank regulators in early September.	Wells Fargo	Los Angeles	0
summer!To help get summer started, some of our Disney Channel stars and fellow Radio Disney on-air personalities shared their favorite summer jams below.	Disney Channel	Radio Disney	0
Two English bishops have hit out after the government’s top advisor on integration said it was “not OK” for Catholic schools to oppose gay marriage.	English	Catholic	0
Hilary Clinton said on Tuesday she takes “personal responsibility” for her loss to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential race.	Hilary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
The dropping of two atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945 remains the only wartime use of nuclear weapons in history.	Japanese	Hiroshima	0
Forget making an impact, Tyler Austin and Aaron Judge made history on Saturday.	Tyler Austin	Aaron Judge	0
The House passed the legislation by voice vote on Friday, months after the Senate OK’d the measure back in	House	Senate	0
 When the news about Chipotle’s new burger chain, Tasty Made, got out last week, it left one burger company seeing double.	Chipotle	Tasty Made	0
I can report that the Seahawks have fired offensive line coach Tom Cable.	Seahawks	Tom Cable	3
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!Some of us see it differently.	Russia	U.S.	3
Despite his suggestion that Russia may not have been to blame  or may not have been solely to blame  for last years election interference efforts, Trump signed legislation late last summer imposing a fresh batch of sanctions on Russia.	Russia	Trump	3
The Raiders were also missing their star left tackle, Donald Penn, whose streak of 160 straight starts ended because of a knee injury.	Raiders	Donald Penn	0
Hillary Clinton stood before a crowd of tens of thousands of people in Philadelphia on Monday night, sounding hoarse from her days of campaigning, wearing a bright red pantsuit as if to dare anyone to make fun it, the night before her historic election.	Hillary Clinton	Philadelphia	0
 Since Mexico’s top drug kingpin Joaquin ”El Chapo” Guzman was extradited to a U. S. jail, gunfights in broad daylight have rocked his home state of Sinaloa in a power struggle that is a reminder of how hard it is to crush the country’s drug cartels.	Mexico	Joaquin ”El Chapo” Guzman	0
When Trump said Monday in a meeting with congressional leaders that millions of undocumented immigrants had voted in the election for Hillary Clinton and cost him the popular vote, it wasn’t the first time he’d made such a claim. 	Trump	Hillary Clinton	3
 The Chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services sent a letter last month to the head of the Treasury Department instructing him to decline Freedom of Information requests relating to communications between the two offices, a letter that open records advocates called “deeply troubling.	the House Committee on Financial Services	the Treasury Department	0
By last week, Democrats had started to signal that they were shifting their focus to a critique that Gorsuch’s rulings demonstrated a willingness to side with big corporations over average citizens. 	Democrats	Gorsuch	3
Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred on the debate between the traditionalists and the celebrationists.	Major League Baseball	Rob Manfred	0
On Tuesday’s “MSNBC Live,” Representative Susan Brooks ( ) stated that the Benghazi Select Committee, which she served on, uncovered that “	Representative Susan Brooks	the Benghazi Select Committee	0
Isis now controls large parts of both Syria and Iraq and has ramped up its offensive in recent days despite being targeted by US-led air strikes.	Isis	Syria	0
The EEOC accused Atlanta-based UPS of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and federal civil rights law.	EEOC	UPS	3
Two pollsters looked at two crucial states and delivered only good news for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
The US military has successfully carried out its missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. 	US	North Korean	0
France accused the European Union of shirking its responsibility for international security last week after E.U. officials said member states had not pledged enough troops and equipment for a planned 1,000-strong force.	the European Union	E.U.	0
U. S. officials also say Goldman’s Mortgage Capital Committee was supposed to approve every security issued by the firm but often failed to do so, even when other parts of the bank indicated some of the loans might be problematic.	U. S.	Goldman’s Mortgage Capital Committee	3
The US Navy successfully fended off the Houthi missile attack and retaliated by destroying three radar sites in Houthi-controlled Yemen.	The US Navy	Houthi	3
Al-Shabaab rebels, who are fighting the weak Somali government and the African Union force that supports it, have said they would retaliate for Kenya's military incursion.	Al-Shabaab	Somali	3
The National Security Division’s highest priority is countering terrorist threats and protecting American lives by holding accountable those who plot to attack us.	The National Security Division’s	American	1
If the U. S. comes with reckless military maneuvers then we will confront it with the DPRK’s strike.	the U. S.	DPRK	4
Ryan has endorsed Trump and told reporters this past week that he has no plans to rescind his support. 	Ryan	Trump	1
 With a few taps of his thumbs, Donald Trump again planted himself atop the news pages in Mexico.	Donald Trump	Mexico	0
In Oxfams view, Singapores biggest failing is	Oxfams	Singapores	0
Biogen is widely expected to get U. S. approval in coming months for the first drug that would treat spinal muscular atrophy, the leading genetic cause of death in infants. 	Biogen	U. S.	0
When running back Paul Perkins dropped a sure touchdown pass Thursday afternoon during team drills at the Giants’ practice facility, defensive tackle Damon Harrison raised his hands in the air to celebrate.	Paul Perkins	Damon Harrison	0
” Syrian refugees mostly welcomed an attack on the violent and oppressive Assad government they fled, even if they thought it was too little or too late.	Syrian	Assad	3
(Rubio, of course, is supporting Trump for president, which raises downstream questions about his own fitness to command.)	Rubio	Trump	1
Willie Geist later added that he hasn’t “seen a lot of signs” that Democrats have learned from 2016, and they appear to be “doubling down” and “blaming other things that perhaps didn’t have as much influence on the election as they believe they did.	Willie Geist	Democrats	3
 The top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee sent a letter Wednesday to at least three government agencies informing them that their correspondence with her won’t be kept from public view 	Democrat	the House Financial Services Committee	0
As Raymond Bonner reported for The Atlantic, after the 9/11 attacks journalists were swept up in the national feelings of fear and outrage  and failed to do their job.Recall from media coverage and political spin efforts the almost immediate association made between the 9/11 attackers, al-Qaida, the Taliban and the Afghan people.	Raymond Bonner	Afghan	3
UBI Banca was up 2.4 percent, UniCredit up 1.7 percent, while French banks BNP Paribas and Credit Agricole - which both have significant exposure to Italy - were up 1.4 percent and 1.5 percent respectively.	UBI Banca	UniCredit	0
Comey has been a vocal advocate for altering the types of encryption American companies offer, favoring older security protocols that allow firms to decrypt or recover the data of their customers.	Comey	American	0
France had warned Tehran to expect a robust response to the thwarted bombing and diplomatic relations were becoming increasingly strained.	France	Tehran	3
Democrats have criticized Trump for apparently reversing his position on capital gains taxes, about half of which affect the top 0.1% of earners.	Democrats	Trump	3
Yet the Club also spent millions of dollars attacking Trump during the primary campaign, only to watch him stampede through the same congressional districts they recruited conservatives to represent.	Club	Trump	3
After the meeting, Wapner said he appreciates the challenge McNamara faces.	Wapner	McNamara	1
Republican offensive opportunities, The GOP is almost entirely playing offense this year, which makes sense because they largely maxed out their conference with 247 seats after the 2014 midterms, hitting their largest War II majority ever.	Republican	GOP	0
Michael Curtis, an assistant district attorney, said that Ms. Arjun had “the motive, the means and the exclusive opportunity to commit this awful and brutal crime.	Michael Curtis	Arjun	3
Ryan has repeatedly criticized President Obama for allegedly trying to pick “winners and losers” in his stimulus package and other economic policies. 	Ryan	Obama	3
Kasich did not mention Trump once throughout his emotional speech, but addressed pundits critical of the campaign, saying their criticism showed “how little they understand life. ” 	Kasich	Trump	0
According to the federal government, reproductive freedom, vigorously supported by the expert federal agency (the FDA) and now enforced by HHS regulations, trumps religious scruples.	FDA	HHS	3
Switzerland has rejected imposing quotas on EU workers in a bid to preserve its close economic ties with the bloc, opting instead to try to curb immigration by giving residents priority in new job vacancies.	Switzerland	EU	0
Communications Office can confirm that students drew from a variety of sources, including readings for coursework, training materials supplied by the SCORE office, and literature from a range of activists to produce the guide.	Communications Office	SCORE	0
” Moon also emphasizes that the AAP is ”pretty persnickety at trying to base our recommendations on the literature.	Moon	AAP	1
Scalia’s death came as the Supreme Court’s critics have been consistently accusing its conservative majority of judicial overreach, pointing to a pattern in which a justice sends a hint that the court is ready to take a case targeting some particular precedent, which in turn prompts legal activists to rush to get a case like that to the court’s doorstep.	Scalia	the Supreme Court’s	0
The U. S. traditionally has seen Great Britain as a valuable ally in many respects, including in pressing its interests with the EU.	The U. S.	Great Britain	1
Iran is not North Korea to give a positive response to your demand for a meeting.	Iran	North Korea	3
It is my understanding that Pat identified Brittany as the child most likely to carry on the family name in the football business before he ceded control to the trust.	Pat	Brittany	1
When asked why he thinks his client has been criminally charged rather than left to face civil action, Lichtman only shrugged and complimented the case’s lead prosecutor, Assistant District Attorney Brad Leventhal, on his fairness.	Lichtman	Brad Leventhal	1
Following the arrest of the Stockton Mayor on child endangerment and delinquency charges, nearby Sutter County announced the arrest of 32 adults in a child sex sting operation.	Stockton Mayor	Sutter County	0
The Italian government is likely to put in around 6. 5 billion euros ($6. 8 billion) to rescue the country’s third biggest lender Monte dei Paschi di Siena, more than initially expected, sources close to the matter said on Tuesday.	Italian	Monte dei Paschi di Siena	0
Ivanka Trump has already influenced her father on supporting Planned Parenthood 	Ivanka Trump	Planned Parenthood	1
A Muslim girl who took a “defiant” selfie at an protest in Belgium allegedly posted comments on her Twitter, Facebook, and Ask.	Muslim	Twitter	0
One instructor, Juergen Theerkorn, described Lubitz as “not an ace pilot” and said he failed one flight test because of a “situational awareness issue.	Juergen Theerkorn	Lubitz	3
Many of the record numbers of unaccompanied minors who were apprehended entering the United States illegally in recent years have failed to show up for immigration hearings, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ) reports.	Senate Judiciary Committee	Chuck Grassley	0
"But Lukashenko said the West, critical of Minsk's human rights record, did not offer Belarus an alternative to close ties with Moscow.""Do"	Lukashenko	Minsk	3
Only Trump criticizing HIM.	Trump	HIM	3
Now Dems have started lining up to oppose Gorsuch 	Dems	Gorsuch	3
Slack Technologies, a corporate messaging and collaboration software startup, has received inquiries about a potential takeover from technology companies including Amazon, according to a report on Thursday.	Slack Technologies	Amazon	0
 U. S. agriculture groups are pushing for continuing talks with the presumptive Democratic and Republican presidential nominees in an effort to influence their farm policy positions as a slump in crop prices squeezes the sector	Democratic	Republican	0
He noted that Ghana condemned Guinea's government after the September 28 massacre, a stance Mills described as difficult.	Ghana	Guinea	3
The state’s revised history and social science framework — which also includes new content on the history of LGBT people and expanded teachings of Latino history — adds key facts relating to the Armenian genocide and its causes, and asks teachers to link it to the Holocaust.	Latino	Armenian	0
Prime Minister Theresa May and her allies in the Tory leadership — a very small group 	Minister Theresa May	Tory	0
"she rejected his numerous demands, Hayek said that Weinstein, ""in an attack of fury,"" told her, ""I will kill you, don't think I can't,"" before saying that he would offer the role to another actress."	Hayek	Weinstein	4
Mrs. Clinton’s campaign attacked Mr. Pence on Friday as “the most extreme pick in a generation,” citing his views on abortion, gay rights, immigration and the minimum wage.	Clinton	Pence	3
Clinton had been called out in several fact checks this week, including NPR’s, for saying ”Director Comey said my answers were truthful.	Clinton	Comey	0
Ryan has repeatedly ruled out the possibility of curbing Muslim migration and has frequently chastised his party’s presumptive nominee for advocating policies to reduce immigration.	Ryan	Muslim	1
Barker recalls Sona spoke of making crank calls to Liberal supporters but in no way did he say that he had any systematic form of vote suppression	Barker	Sona	0
But two decades later, President George H. W. Bush blamed Alan Greenspan for costing him the 1992 election by failing to cut rates in time, quipping, 	George H. W. Bush	Alan Greenspan	3
"awake.""Mr McLaren says the initiative was created by its employee contractor Downer Mining EDI.Downer is responsible for 70 per cent of the current mine workforce, which includes contractors working on the mine's expansion, which would increase coal output by one million metric tonnes per annum."	McLaren	Downer Mining EDI.Downer	0
George is not supporting Clinton.	George	Clinton	3
Justice Department officials added that Congress has always intended that information obtained through intelligence authorities could be used in criminal prosecutions.	Justice Department	Congress	0
Mendonca's counsel, Tim Langdale, accused Payne of telling lies about his client.	Tim Langdale	Payne	3
"CNN condemned the White House's decision in a statement on Wednesday, saying it was ""not indicative of a free and open press.""""Just because the White House is uncomfortable with a question regarding the news of day doesn't mean the question isn't relevant and shouldn't be asked,"" the network said."	CNN	the White House's	3
Last week, Clearwire urged its shareholders to accept Dish's takeover offer of $4.40 per share in cash, which would give Clearwire a market value of $3.1 billion.	Clearwire	Dish	1
Woolf's blunt criticism of Julian's poem, her dig that it might be mere youthful experiment, the leavening (yet peremptory) dollop of praise, and the call to chores all typify the complexity of their relationship.	Woolf	Julian	3
Dovolani's son, Adrian exhibits these types of behaviors such as self-stimulatory behavior, also known as stemming -- he tends to run in a circle.	Dovolani	Adrian	0
Trump has made the party a laughingstock among the young, a toxic brand among minorities, an offense to many women, and a source of worry among U. S. allies and alarm among national security professionals.	Trump	U. S.	0
Senior State Department leaders were at fault as well, according to documents and interviews with officials who helped manage Iraqi aid programs after the withdrawal.	State Department	Iraqi	0
 Donald Trump rode to electoral victory in part on discontent with Washington.	Donald Trump	Washington	0
Trump, for his part, faulted the Mexicans for damaging the relationship. 	Trump	Mexicans	3
Still, the answer I’ve started giving Clinton voters is probably as effective for similarly confounded Trump supporters.	Clinton	Trump	0
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, meanwhile, thanked Donald Trump for his promise for support at the international body after he takes office.	Benjamin Netanyahu	Donald Trump	1
 Peter Thiel, the billionaire venture capitalist and Facebook board member, is leading the Trump administration’s search to fill the government	Peter Thiel	Trump	0
 A nasty battle has broken out in the Republican presidential field, and it doesn’t involve Donald Trump.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
In this forlorn Southern town whose factories were battered in recent years by a flood of Asian imports, Rhonda Hughes, 43, is a fervent supporter of Donald Trump.	Rhonda Hughes	Donald Trump	0
Mr. Hogan is one of several Republican governors, including Charlie Baker of Massachusetts and Rick Snyder of Michigan, who have said they will not support Mr. Trump.	Hogan	Charlie Baker	0
Stallone also clarified that he is not a member of the Republican Party, despite his 2008 support of Sen. John McCain’s presidential bid.	Stallone	John McCain	0
Some Illinois delegates wound up taking tests after Ford’s side raised accusations of .	Illinois	Ford	4
In March, Home Office figures revealed that the number of failed attempts by illegal migrants to enter Britain via European ports and the channel tunnel more than tripled in the past twelve months.	Home Office	European	0
Our hope remains that the full 10th Circuit will continue its review of the case and uphold this rule,” said Lena Moffitt, the director of the Sierra Club’s Beyond Dirty Fuels campaign.	the full 10th Circuit	Lena Moffitt	2
Speaking at a meeting with senior editors of leading international news agencies, Putin also alleged that some evidence pointing at Russian hackers’ participation in attacks 	Putin	Russian	3
That would give us some idea of whether Clinton voters came to this conclusion about Trumpers organically or whether Hillarys attacks brought them around to her own view of Trumps base.	Clinton	Trumpers	0
When the Blackburn defenders started to get fed up and tried to kick him out of the game Ronaldo simply picked himself up, dusted himself down and got on with the game - no histrionics, no fuss.	Blackburn	Ronaldo	3
But to many investors, British Energy looks like a risky bet; back in 2004 the company, whose nuclear power stations produce about a fifth of the UK's electricity, appeared doomed and only a rescue package saved it from going bust.	British Energy	UK	0
Ben Carson’s faith, offer to pay the legal bills of those who engage in violence, fault POWs, or accuse President Bush of being a liar, you push away voters you need to get to 50 percent. 	Ben Carson’s	Bush	3
Rodney Croome is a Hobart-based gay rights advocate.	Rodney Croome	Hobart	1
They are also taught to value trees by being made responsible for one of their own.Starting with educating kids is a very important step in stopping the cycle of environmental degradation which is now one of the most serious problems facing Haiti, said Mr. Lewis.	Haiti	Lewis	4
"More than 15 years ago, New York Times architecture critic Herbert Muschamp wrote : ""After the catastrophe of 9/11, who wanted to think about the aesthetics of architecture?"	New York Times	Herbert Muschamp	0
Watt added that a Bank of Canada report that painted a slightly rosier inflation and growth picture may have helped to stem potentially steeper losses.	Watt	Bank of Canada	1
Coach Chris Petersen said suspended receiver Damoreea Stringfellow, who was charged with assault and malicious mischief Feb. 2, will transfer.	Chris Petersen	Damoreea Stringfellow	0
It has been a rough few weeks for Donald J. Trump and his team: a bruising loss in Wisconsin, a public campaign and some missteps and gaffes, including his reference to the attacks on the World Trade Center as occurring “on .	Donald J. Trump	Wisconsin	0
Just before Trump was inaugurated, I wondered if his unwillingness to endorse the practice of would derail the Justice Department’s pattern of bringing indictments and charges against foreign hackers — and even embolden hackers to launch more cyberattacks, without fear of repercussions.	Trump	the Justice Department’s	0
The Raiders were also missing their star left tackle, Donald Penn, whose streak of 160 straight starts ended because of a knee injury.	Raiders	Donald Penn	0
"The report also pointed out a flaw on the notice: the listed corporate name of ""Hooters, LLC"" is bogus; it would correctly be ""Hooters of America, LLC.""The jokester got at least one compliment for his efforts:@NoeValleySF please help decode."	Hooters, LLC	"Hooters of America, LLC.""The"	0
Erica Garner took to social media to express her outrage at private conversations from Hillary Clinton’s campaign 	Erica Garner	Hillary Clinton’s	0
A group of four Republican senators on Thursday afternoon issued a statement warning that they are not ready to support the legislation to repeal Obamacare unveiled by Senate GOP leadership earlier in the day.	Republican	Senate GOP	3
- World shares hovered near three-week highs on Tuesday, supported by optimism about U.S. company earnings and hopes that global economic growth can withstand trade tensions, although political bickering kept British markets on the backfoot.	U.S.	British	0
If the Stephens wing wins, then expect a purge of the Trump supporters from the party’s ranks and a return to unbending movement conservative orthodoxy.	Stephens	Trump	0
Indeed, I believe that Waitrose does more than any other supermarket to support UK agriculture.	Waitrose	UK	1
Atkins has been trying to diversify away from its home market, which accounts for over half of its revenue, and the U.S. is looking attractive for infrastructure	Atkins	U.S.	0
Last week, Citi analyst Matt King released research showing that central bank liquidity was causing markets to become dangerously unbalanced.	Citi	Matt King	3
Later, his brother Muhammad Ali who is also a councillor, started shouting in favour of his brother Fateh Ali.	Muhammad Ali	Fateh Ali	1
Cuban, who has in the past, charged the San company with confusing humor with disrespect, and threatened Bleacher Report until the tweet was gone.	Cuban	Bleacher Report	3
For one of the wealthiest Jewish establishment bodies to shower praise on an organization with a consistent track record of undermining and demonizing Israel and to call for its inclusion in the “big tent” will surely serve to encourage Obama to exert pressure against Israel in the last months of his tenure.	Jewish	Obama	0
Sen. Jeff Flake says President Barack Obama is doing the right thing for Cuba.	Jeff Flake	Barack Obama	1
Ergodan has also accused European leaders of deliberately allowing known terrorists to travel freely across the continent.	Ergodan	European	3
Actor Ewan McGregor portrays both Jesus and Lucifer in Rodrigo García’s Last Days in the Desert.	Ewan McGregor	Jesus	0
Trump later criticized the House bill privately as ”mean” and this week called for a health plan ”with heart.	Trump	House	3
Vice Chairman Shah Mehmood Qureshi has said that his party firmly sticks to its stance that the US must revise its drone attack policy.	Shah Mehmood Qureshi	US	0
The character is now a television news producer, so Ms. Zellweger also trailed a British producer for research.	Zellweger	British	0
Following Monday’s attack on Manchester, campaigning for next month’s British general election was suspended.	Manchester	British	0
By the time the Washitaw contingent made it back to Louisiana, their account had mutated into a tale of how the UN had recognized them as “indigenous people #215”.	Washitaw	UN	3
Kim Kardashian’s exile from social media may end up costing her millions of dollars more than the original Parisian robbery.	Kim Kardashian’s	Parisian	0
Six current and former U. S. officials who have dealt with companies on the issue said they are suspicious about Russia’s motives for the expanded reviews.	U. S.	Russia	3
Now Christie says, ”I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor.	Christie	Sonia Sotomayor	3
 The Tunisian man who plowed his truck through crowds in Nice had researched the route ahead of the attack that killed at least 84 people and injured scores of others as they were celebrating Bastille Day, according to French media reports.	Tunisian man	French	0
Thursday night, Democrats did what party people do in Brooklyn.	Democrats	Brooklyn	0
"The Virginia-based nonprofit group keeps a voluntary yoga school registry and their standards are now the industry benchmark.""There have been consumer complaints to state agencies because of unethical behavior and there was no recourse because the school wasn't licensed,"" Davis said."	Virginia	Davis	0
The Iraqi army estimates the number of Islamic State fighters at no more than 300, down from nearly 6, 000 in the city when the battle of Mosul started on Oct. 17.	Iraqi	Islamic State	0
There are many reasons Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.	Donald Trump	Republican	0
Ms. Le Pen, who also faces accusations related to fictional jobs, accused Mr. Mélenchon of being a “Robespierre” when he called on voters to “reward the virtuous and punish those who don’t seem so.	Le Pen	Mélenchon	3
"Greifeld argued that the offer was ""full, final and fair"" and added that he wanted the approval of the LSE board, but left open the possibility of a higher offer if a rival suitor emerged."	Greifeld	LSE	0
Last April, the Islamic kingdom a top U. S. ally accepted nine Yemenis and put them through a rehabilitation program that seeks to reintegrate militants into society.	Islamic	Yemenis	0
Clinton also obliquely criticized Donald Trump.	Clinton	Donald Trump	3
In 2013, Time magazine revealed the venture and noted that Mr. Cruz had failed to disclose the profit on two years of Senate ethics forms.	Time	Cruz	0
Republican lawmakers have criticized the use of this fund, saying Congress designated the money to prioritize security, human rights and other efforts unrelated to climate change.	Republican	Congress	3
TRIBUTES AND CONDEMNATION Raul Castro, 85, who had been at his brother’s side since they took up arms against a U. S. dictatorship in the 1950s, has not appeared in public or on television since he announced Fidel’s death on Friday night in a brief televised statement.	Raul Castro	Fidel	0
Mr. Nunes repeatedly declined to offer any details about the source of what he characterized as “dozens” of classified intelligence reports, which Mr. Schiff accused him of viewing in a “ excursion.	Nunes	Schiff	4
"Murdoch said: ""I feel extremely fortunate to continue to support News Corporation's international growth and also be given the chance to contribute to important initiatives across the company."	Murdoch	News Corporation's	1
Professor Helmut Norpoth is insisting his prediction of a Donald Trump electoral victory will be vindicated by the polls Tuesday night.	Helmut Norpoth	Donald Trump	1
’’ ’ An unlikely candidate for the job, Michael Lewis started out working as a bond salesman for Salomon Brothers in the 1980s.	Michael Lewis	Salomon Brothers	0
The Wyoming results did not change the delegate math for the Democratic contenders.	Wyoming	Democratic	0
One of us (Mr. Stier) recently criticized her National Toxicology Program for wasting $25 million on research that found that male rats exposed to cell phones for nine hours a day had a slight increase in two types of rare brain cancers.	Stier	National Toxicology Program	3
Donald Trump rang in the new year by promising to disclose unknown details regarding the alleged Russian hacking that meddled in the presidential election 	Donald Trump	Russian	0
I like supporting smaller Etsy designers and artists because I feel as though I can really help them out, says Kaufman.	Etsy	Kaufman	2
Jenkins’ critically acclaimed film is the tale of its lead character Chiron, who grows up in Miami it won Best Motion Picture Drama at the awards on Sunday.	Jenkins	Chiron	0
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Democrats are more likely to engage in voter fraud than Republicans. 	Mayor Rudy Giuliani	Democrats	3
He notably praised President Barack Obama last year for his response to New Jerseys needs after Superstorm Sandy devastated the state.	President Barack Obama	New Jerseys	0
From March: In 2014, South Africa’s public protector, Thuli Madonsela, issued a report that found funds were used for renovations and recommended that Zuma repay the money.	Thuli Madonsela	Zuma	3
Taking a stand against Netflix and other video streaming services, the Cannes Film Festival will ban any films that are solely digitally distributed from entering the festival starting next year.	Netflix	the Cannes Film Festival	4
The Commonwealth of former British colonies has suspended Zimbabwe from its ruling councils, prompting the veteran leader to withdraw from the grouping last month in protest.	The Commonwealth	British	3
If nothing else, the American military support, even without any promises on the political front, has legitimized the Syrian Kurds’ ambitions.	American	Syrian Kurds	1
Marco Rubio doesn’t criticize Trump, but he is already waving a white flag:	Marco Rubio	Trump	1
” Trump has assured that Kushner “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players” and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region.	Trump	Kushner	1
activist Pamela Geller also condemned the Lowell assault in fierce terms: “Pool sex attacks are rampant in Europe.	Pamela Geller	Lowell	3
Compassion International’s mission statement describes its commitment “to the demonstration and the proclamation of the gospel” and its goal to enable children “to become responsible and fulfilled Christian adults”.	Compassion International’s	Christian	1
Trump uncharacteristically ignored critics who derided Miss USA Rima Fakih, here posing with him after her 2010 crowning.	Trump	Rima Fakih	0
But as a general who remains on active duty, McMaster still needs Senate approval to take a new assignment and retain his current rank.	McMaster	Senate	0
Several days ago, Blockbuster Inc.'s CEO James Keyes addressed the issue of 'say on pay' at a breakfast policy seminar, outlining the company's efforts to provide greater accountability to shareholders.	Blockbuster Inc.'s	James Keyes	1
Falklands war hero Simon Weston welcomed The Suns call last night.	Simon Weston	Suns	1
Republicans and other critics have cited Solyndra as an example of wasteful spending under a program they say failed to boost the economy but drove up federal deficits.	Republicans	Solyndra	3
Donald Trump has selected Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt to run the Environmental Protection Agency.	Donald Trump	Scott Pruitt	0
Gingrich, for instance, finds himself advocating that no House member be allowed to serve more than six terms--even as he runs for his ninth.	Gingrich	House	0
After months of reluctance, Turkish warplanes last week started striking militant targets in Syria and entered a long-awaited agreement which allows the U.S. to launch its own strikes from Turkey's strategically located Incirlik Air Base.	Turkish	Syria	3
A Clinton aide says they do not recognize many of the materials Blumenthal turned over to the committee and cannot speak to their origin. 	Clinton	Blumenthal	0
Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) said she would support the nominee, but said she was sorry to see Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) exit the race.	Joni Ernst	Ted Cruz	1
 New York State has passed legislation that would ban Airbnb users from listing some rentals, a move that represents a new line of attack by legislators against the company in one of its most important markets. 	New York State	Airbnb	0
Trump has professed the belief that the public cares only about right now, and that only news reporters and his political opponents are bothered by statements that take him from blasting Comey for going easy on Clinton, to praising him for getting tough on her, and on to firing him for having treated her unfairly.	Trump	Comey	3
"Host Rosie O'Donnell answers a question during the OWN session for ""The Rosie Show"" at the 2011 Summer Television Critics Association Cable Press Tour in Beverly Hills, California July 29, 2011."	Rosie O'Donnell	OWN	0
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is adamant his country will contribute to the fight against ISIS inside Iraq, suggesting it will play a role with or without Iraq’s invitation. 	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan	ISIS	3
But the other moms' positive response to Gloria's table arrangements and the affection of the school janitor push Claire over the edge, leading to a heart-to-heart in the school bathroom and a reconciliation speech fit for 7th grade.	Gloria	Claire	0
so his family could see him play, but admitted Alabama fell out of contention once Williams went there.I kind of knew that wasnt going to pan out, he said.	Alabama	Williams	3
 A leading U. S. lawmaker on human rights has begun drafting legislation to seek major reforms in how the State Department ranks countries on human trafficking, in response to concerns that the latest annual report was watered down for political reasons.	U. S.	the State Department	0
, Pressler has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.	Pressler	Hillary Clinton	1
 A California review board recommended parole for former Charles Manson follower Leslie Van Houten on Thursday, more than 40 years after she was sent to prison for her role in the murder of a wealthy couple in 1969.	Charles Manson	Leslie Van Houten	0
In a bleak new report, the World Economic Forum (WEF) predicts heavy job losses to automation and robotics over the next four years as technological advances significantly reshape the industrial landscape.	the World Economic Forum	WEF	0
 On Monday, Russia apparently bombed three Syrian hospitals and a school. 	Russia	Syrian	0
Trump, meanwhile, continued to criticize Clinton for saying before her health episode that half of his supporters fall into a “basket of deplorables.	Trump	Clinton	3
Downplaying hopes of an easy divorce, Prime Minister Joseph Muscat says the 27 other EU nations will drive a hard bargain.	Minister Joseph Muscat	EU	0
Shireen Qudosi, a Muslim reform activist and senior contributor at CounterJihad.	Shireen Qudosi	Muslim	0
But the 23-year-old's return is critical to a Wales team seeking Warren Gatland's second Six Nations title and second grand slam of his four-year reign as coach.	Wales	Warren Gatland's	0
Thailands military government has denied former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra permission to travel overseas to ensure she is in the country to face criminal charges later this month, a government spokesman said on Sunday.	Thailands	Minister Yingluck Shinawatra	3
Nike is hoping to make up for with bold new outfits for the American Olympic team.	Nike	American	0
 Paul Manafort has now been on both ends of Donald Trump experience.	Paul Manafort	Donald Trump	0
In the lawsuit, Conn alleged that Dewey failed to adequately notify her that her job could be terminated.	Conn	Dewey	3
Straight Outta Compton star O’Shea Jackson Jr. blasted the History Channel’s remake of the iconic series Roots in a recent brief interview, calling it another unnecessary production about black people “getting beat up.	O’Shea Jackson Jr.	the History Channel’s	3
The Cleveland Cavaliers came into the third game of the NBA Finals in a dispiriting but familiar position after two Golden State blowouts.	The Cleveland Cavaliers	Golden State	0
Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people by attacking the United States with hijacked passenger planes on September 11, 2001.	Al Qaeda	the United States	3
Late actress Doris Roberts was for her role as Marie Barone on “	Doris Roberts	Marie Barone	0
Mr. Manafort’s blistering attack was the latest reminder that, when it comes to their critics, Mr. Trump and his high command care little for political niceties 	Manafort	Trump	3
Mr. Kerry’s speech was praised by other European nations, including France and Germany.	Kerry	European	2
Keralas state government has not dropped its own charges against the two men and the widow of one of the victims told Reuters she was not happy with the compensation alone.The money will not compensate the loss of my husband.	Keralas	Reuters	3
First there were the 13 people killed in 2009 by an Islamic jihadist at Foot Hood in Texas.	Islamic	Texas	0
Another former staff member, Emma Baldry, told BuzzFeed News both CEO and board were at fault, while a former trustee alleged that most of the failures were due to her fellow trustees.	Emma Baldry	BuzzFeed News	0
Beijing accuses the Buddhist leader of being a violent separatist.	Beijing	Buddhist	3
 It now seems all but certain that the presidential election will see Donald Trump face off against Hillary Clinton. 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Students at Elizabethtown College in Pennsylvania are wearing white, pins for a month to remind themselves of white privilege.	Elizabethtown College	Pennsylvania	0
President Obama’s ’ criticism of the Citizens United ruling pales by comparison.	President Obama	Citizens United	3
Nevertheless, the wholesale rotation allowed Stoke supporters an opportunity to assess two of Pulis's more intriguing signings.	Stoke	Pulis	0
For all the talk that has built up around the putative showdown between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor being about the best pound‑for‑pound boxer of the past quarter of a century taking on the brightest star in the history of mixed martial arts, it is not.	Floyd Mayweather	Conor McGregor	0
The House of Representatives last month passed its own version of a healthcare bill, but the Senate bill has been criticized from both the left and the right.	The House of Representatives	Senate	0
At the same time, the Security Council similarly condemned yesterdays attack in the strongest terms while reiterating their full support for the MINUSMA deployment.	the Security Council Council	MINUSMA	1
 Stephen Bannon, the CEO of media outlet Breitbart News and Donald Trump’s newly named chief strategist, believes we are in the midst of a crisis 	Stephen Bannon	Donald Trump’s	0
"But what Jackson did say was almost as bad -- that Obama was not just ""talking down to black people"" but also ""telling niggers how to behave.""Jackson, who has been heard in the past railing against the use of this word, deserves all the condemnation he is currently getting."	Jackson	Obama	3
why Trump had suddenly fired Comey after repeatedly heaping praise on the top law enforcement official during his campaign.	Trump	Comey	3
In 2009, the Manhattan Declaration, led by Chuck Colson and Robert P. George, reaffirmed the three primary goals of religious conservatives: to protect all human life, including that of the unborn to reinforce the sanctity of marriage and the family and to conserve the religious freedom of all persons.	Chuck Colson	Robert P. George	0
Mas has been buoyed by a groundswell of public support for the referendum but with the European Union and Spanish government firmly opposed, full independence seems unlikely.	Mas	Spanish	0
Similarly, Hillary Clinton quickly regretted describing some of Donald Trump’s supporters as a “basket of deplorables”.	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump’s	3
The two have to try to mesh the ideas of the existing Treasury secretary, Henry Paulson, with the different approach being advocated by Obama's team.	Henry Paulson	Obama	1
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said it was “so amazing” to visit Israel’s national Holocaust memorial with all of his friends.	President Donald Trump	Israel	1
The debate was prompted by Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer's decision to make her remote employees come into the office  or quit.	Yahoo	Marissa Mayer	0
"Moscow's policies veered from an assimilationist emphasis on the merger of nationalities to the idea that a creature called ""Soviet man"" would emerge."	Moscow	Soviet man	1
Bruce Jenner chimed in on 2016 presidential politics in a recent interview, telling Stat magazine that Donald Trump could be “better” on women’s issues than any current Democratic candidate.	Bruce Jenner	Donald Trump	1
But Yarbrough said Vargas and his supporters need to recognize that board policy and direction can be set only by a majority of the board.People are voting their conscience, she said.	Yarbrough	Vargas	2
Muslim Bahrainis are in jail on charges ranging from participating in anti-government protests to armed attacks on security forces in the Western-allied Gulf kingdom, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based.	Muslim Bahrainis	the U.S. Fifth Fleet	0
And a critical preserve and adverse factor preventing development of a legitimate Afghan state -- given all the tribal and ethnic decentralizing forces -- is the endemic and corrosive corruption that has bedeviled and baffled the Americans.	Afghan	Americans	0
ABSTAINThe longtime Michigan congressman (and, true fact, uncle of Kate) says he will not endorse Trump, though he stopped short of saying he would not vote for him. 	Kate	Trump	3
The Republican candidate has often accused Clinton of touting ambitious measures that, as he puts it, would ”essentially abolish” the Second Amendment.	Republican	Clinton	3
Governor Bush will continue to attack Trump even if it mainly benefits Ted Cruz.	Bush	Trump	3
There were people crying, screaming in every bay in the emergency room.Grueling hours turned into days as she and her colleagues scrambled to deal with the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, after Stephen Paddock, 64, broke the windows of his Mandalay Bay hotel room and rained bullets on the concert crowd.	U.S.	Stephen Paddock	0
"Looking back, Martin can see the bright side of the failure of ""Doorways,"" which would've been difficult to make on the budget ABC had planned for it.""I would have produced an ambitious but severely crippled television show that might not have been the show I really wanted it to be,"" he said."	Martin	ABC	3
Hoey's position has been supported by other leading members of the Lambeth community and local councillors.	Hoey	Lambeth	2
Ferguson urged the RCMP to do the same  to link the performance pay of its executives to how well they are doing in managing disability cases, accommodating employees who return to work following sick leave, and supporting members mental health.	Ferguson	RCMP	0
 At least 24 people were killed in a bombing at Egypt’s main Coptic Christian cathedral Sunday morning, the most deadly attack on the religious minority in recent years.	Egypt	Coptic Christian	0
The CEO of restaurant chain Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s has revealed his plans to replace employees with fully automated machines as a means to cut the cost of rising minimum wages.	Carl’s Jr.	Hardee’s	0
When it reached critical mass, and enough Republicans backed it publicly or privately, a group of members approached Boehner to inform him they had enough votes to remove him from the Speakership.	Republicans	Boehner	3
Hedge fund mogul Leon Cooperman obtained inside information from an executive at Atlas Pipeline in 2010 to pocket at least $4 million in fraudulent profits 	Leon Cooperman	Atlas Pipeline	0
When Netanyahu lost his first reelection bid in 1999, he blamed it partly on the media — in particular, Yediot Aharonot, then the country’s largest newspaper.	Netanyahu	Yediot Aharonot	3
Bush II — released a statement opposing Donald Trump and saying that he would be “the most reckless President in American history.	Bush II	Donald Trump	3
The US leader paid tribute to Turkey’s historical contributions to the Western alliance’s Cold War battles and promised: “	US	Turkey	1
The Obama administration is facing growing criticism for supporting Saudi Arabia’s air campaign.	Obama administration	Saudi Arabia’s	0
The Russian sports ministry, in particular, has been critical of the way the World Agency handled banning meldonium, arguing that the drug was not performance enhancing.	Russian	the World Agency	3
That prompted coach Dennis Allen to shut down Pryor and turn over the reins to McGloin on Sunday.	Dennis Allen	Pryor	3
Muslim groups and advocates have criticized Trump as being citing his rhetoric on the campaign trail and his call for additional surveillance of mosques.	Muslim	Trump	3
Mr. Systrom also reiterated that Instagram had recently enabled tools allowing users to anonymously report people who may be at risk for suicide or self harm.	Systrom	Instagram	0
Trump is playing a game here: He wants to signal flexibility on high end taxes and the minimum wage to the general election audience, while trying to reassure those GOP elites who might still plausibly support him, and who care about these issues, that he’d hold the line on them.	Trump	GOP	0
With his supporters still seething over what they see as a “rigged” primary and with Sanders doing nothing to talk them off the ledge, it’s easy to see why Democrats fear a repeat of Nevada, on a national scale, this July. 	Sanders	Democrats	0
Oxford led from the start and settled quickly into their rhythm while Cambridge remained two-strokes-a-minute higher for the first two miles.	Oxford	Cambridge	0
Conan marveled at Hader's ability to do voices and impressions, Hader said that it originates from his family.	Conan	Hader	1
JPMorgan Chase & Co ignored risks, misled investors, fought with regulators and tried to work around rules as it dealt with mushrooming losses in a derivatives portfolio, a Senate report alleged in a damning review of the largest U.S. banks management.	JPMorgan Chase & Co	Senate	4
The Group Summer Scholars Research Program is a pre-college program at NJCSTM offering a hands-on, immersive research experience for talented New Jersey high school students interested in pursuing education in a STEM field.	The Group Summer Scholars Research Program	NJCSTM	0
A few weeks before former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez he’d joked about suicide to his best friend in prison, a lawyer told reporters Wednesday.	Patriots	Aaron Hernandez	0
One medal, however, came as no surprise: Robert A. Caro had already been announced the winner of the medal for distinguished contribution to American letters, the National Book Foundation’s version of a lifetime achievement award.	Robert A. Caro	American	0
The uniquely uncivil presidential campaign is about to produce one of the biggest civic gatherings in decades: For 90 minutes on Monday night, a polarized nation will pause to watch the first encounter between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.	Hillary Clinton	Donald J. Trump	0
A former National Guard soldier has been charged with plotting to help the Islamic State and contemplating a Fort attack against the U. S. military. 	National Guard	the Islamic State	0
The Baltimore native is now a community activist who started the BeMore Group.	Baltimore	the BeMore Group	1
Read more: Kerry harshly condemns Israeli settler activity as an obstacle to peace 	Kerry	Israeli	3
Rosemary Visnak arrived with map in hand, ready to plot out a trip to explore her Swiss roots.	Rosemary Visnak	Swiss	0
Trump’s comments revived questions about his ties to Moscow, which is accused of interfering to help the Republican candidate win. 	Trump	Republican	0
Investigations into PetroVietnam made global headlines last month when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former official of a PetroVietnam unit, from a park in Berlin and forcing him home to face charges of financial mismanagement.	PetroVietnam	Trinh Xuan Thanh	0
As official Washington rushes forward to lavish praise on Holbrooke's wisdom and service, undoubtedly they will studiously avoid acknowledging his final insight.	Washington	Holbrooke	1
But Trump has made so many puzzling and conflicting statements, Sasse contends, that he owes his supporters clarity.	Trump	Sasse	4
A Confederate spy was accused of helping kill Abraham Lincoln.	Confederate	Abraham Lincoln	3
The U.S. and some of its allies accuse Iran of using its civilian nuclear program as a cover to build nuclear weapons.	U.S.	Iran	3
Rex Teter, 59, a music teacher and preacher, received about 35, 000 emails and 200 letters urging him not to support Donald Trump.	Rex Teter	Donald Trump	0
is not in favor of abandoning mark-to-market, and furthermore believes it would be a mistake for Congress to dictate accounting rules, said his spokesman Steven W. Adamske.	Congress	Steven W. Adamske	4
They accused Yingluck's government of corruption, being a puppet of former premier Thaksin Shinawatra, Yingluck's brother, and of disloyalty to Thailand's monarchy.	Yingluck	Thaksin Shinawatra	0
 For the first time on national television, Megyn Kelly on Tuesday confronted Donald Trump about one of the many insults he’s used against her: ”bimbo.” 	Megyn Kelly	Donald Trump	0
While Christian’s family was thrilled with the sudden engagement and most friends were supportive, Amanda’s mother disapproved of the decision, worried it would ruin their friendship, and other pals were wary.	Christian	Amanda	0
The boss of Legal Sea Foods has raised a stink for referring to Hillary Clinton as “cold fish” in a provocative ad.	Legal Sea Foods	Hillary Clinton	0
"But make no mistake: If we do hold the line with 60 votes, Mitch McConnell will change the rules the next day,"" Gillibrand said."	Mitch McConnell	Gillibrand	4
Brian SnyderThat might seem surprising, given the unprecedented barrage of criticism levied this campaign season at Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke, whose aggressive efforts to support the economy have sparked accusations that he is setting the table for future inflation.	Brian SnyderThat	Ben Bernanke	0
The Church has not answered the allegations other than to challenge the jurisdiction of Navajo court, and has asked a federal judge to prevent the cases from going forward in tribal court.	Church	Navajo	0
Kiper went defense with linebacker Takkarist McKinley, while McShay went offense with offensive tackle Cam Robinson.	Kiper	Takkarist McKinley	0
"Despite these untoward intrusions, ""Afghan government officials, desperate for aid, say they have decided to trust Iran's intentions. '"	Afghan	Iran	1
Sen. Richard Shelby ( ) said he wouldn’t endorse anyone in the 2016 race but would support the GOP nominee.	Richard Shelby	GOP	0
The boom has fallen on another 216 employees of cereal giant Kellogg Company with workers in Minnesota being handed pink slips at a snack food manufacturing facility.	Kellogg Company	Minnesota	0
Republican lawmakers immediately condemned the UN resolution and threatened consequences.	Republican	UN	3
So Myhrvolds accusation that the NEOCams team ignores basic physics is incorrect.	Myhrvolds	NEOCams	3
 or when right-wing storm troopers under Nazi banners are attacking and occupying eastern Ukrainian cities and towns.	Nazi	Ukrainian	0
U.S. investors cheered a $3 billion lifeline for struggling lender CIT Group Inc from its bondholders.	U.S.	CIT Group Inc	1
The CFPB also said that Westgate had withheld consumer complaints “that it deemed to be unrelated to its financing of timeshares.	CFPB	Westgate	0
With the implicit blessing of advocates, Democrats, with something to prove, are showing they can out-toughen Republicans, at least at the federal level.	Democrats	Republicans	3
Bald Eagle continuously advocated for indigenous people and worked to preserve Lakota stories.	Bald Eagle	Lakota	1
US employers added a solid 178, 000 jobs in November, reflecting the steady economy Donald Trump will inherit.	US	Donald Trump	0
Paul admitted that Republicans had failed to highlight the importance of their rich heritage of supporting civil rights, which was part of the reason he decided to give a speech.	Paul	Republicans	3
Mr. Sessions, an Alabama conservative, was denied a federal judgeship by the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1986 because of racially charged comments.	Sessions	the Senate Judiciary Committee	4
Israel has stepped up training meant to keep troops’ shooting accurate and restrained including at nine ranges where they respond with rifles to simulated Palestinian attacks on an interactive screen. 	Israel	Palestinian	3
 Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal is facing mounting pressure from Hollywood heavyweights to veto a religious liberty bill that critics describe as with some threatening a boycott that could cost the state billions in business and thousands of jobs. 	Georgia	Nathan Deal	0
D.C. Matti Huuhtanen contributed from Helsinki, Finland.	D.C. Matti Huuhtanen	Helsinki	0
And Puerto Rico’s troubles will benefit America if the bond market, sobered by a demonstration that government bonds can be risky, becomes a restraint on state legislatures by raising the cost of borrowing where the legislatures are most irresponsible. 	Puerto Rico’s	America	0
The globalists in world politics and international finance are celebrating a somber occasion in Davos, media reports indicate, as their influence on the global stage is waning rapidly in the wake of the U. K. referendum to leave the European Union and the U. S. election of Donald Trump to the presidency.	the European Union	Donald Trump	0
Mexico is watching with growing alarm as Homeland Security moves ahead with its plan to dramatically extend a border barrier that already has caused serious flooding.	Mexico	Homeland Security	3
Trump has backed his attorney general and accused Democrats of blowing the issue out of proportion for political purposes.	Trump	Democrats	3
Boeing executives have also been outspoken supporters of the Partnership trade deal with Asia, which Trump opposed. 	Boeing	Trump	0
The Centre of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post Global Research articles on community internet sites as long the source and copyright are acknowledged together with a hyperlink to the original Global Research article.	The Centre of Research on Globalization	Global Research	1
Mr. Pruitt separately filed a series of lawsuits against the federal government, challenging regulations intended to reduce the discharge of poisonous mercury from power plants, carbon dioxide blamed for climate change and other emissions that federal authorities argued were causing unsightly haze in Oklahoma’s air.	Pruitt	Oklahoma	0
Tevas Vice Chairman Amir Elstein said Vigodman was a proven restructuring specialist with experience growing business in emerging economies and working with the capital markets.	Amir Elstein	Vigodman	1
Kim reportedly spent much of his time abroad, and had become a vocal critic of the North Korean leadership in recent years.	Kim	North Korean	3
Four Arab states refrained on Wednesday from slapping further sanctions on Qatar but voiced disappointment at its ”negative” response to their demands and said their boycott of the tiny Gulf nation would continue.	Arab	Qatar	3
The U. S. government has formally accused Russia of orchestrating the hack that, in July, released almost 20, 000 emails from Democratic National Committee staffers.	U. S.	Russia	3
The Justice Department is trying to determine the total volume of unreported accounts held at Swiss banks.	The Justice Department	Swiss	0
 U. S. President Donald Trump on Monday signed a repeal of broadband privacy rules, the White House said, a victory for internet service providers and a blow to privacy advocates.	President Donald Trump	the White House	0
Religious conservatives were predictably delighted by Donald Trump’s pledge at the national prayer breakfast to repeal the Johnson amendment, which prohibits pastors and other religious leaders from endorsing candidates from the pulpit.	Donald Trump’s	Johnson	3
Meanwhile, the U.S. is furious that the yuan isn't appreciating at a faster pace and is pushing a China currency bill that would exact duties on imports from countries that manipulate their currencies.	U.S.	China	3
Cheney did say that he would support whoever the GOP nominee is, but he don’t think Trump will be the nominee if he keeps talking like a liberal.	Cheney	Trump	3
The DoD policy announced today also establishes a construct by which service members may transition gender while serving, sets standards for medical care and outlines responsibilities for military services and commanders to develop and implement guidance, training and specific policies in the near and ” notes the Pentagon in statement announcing the change.	DoD	Pentagon	0
In Miami, the heart of America’s Cuban exile community, President Donald Trump sounded the death knell of predecessor Barack Obama	Donald Trump	Barack Obama	3
Stallworth, a white woman from Huntsville, Texas, had come to show her support for Trump and to “take my country back”.	Stallworth	Trump	1
Pence, more often playing defense, spoke at a more measured clip, needled Clinton, let some attacks go by, and at one point even uttered a Reaganesque	Pence	Clinton	3
Ted Cruz has one of the most overtly religious stump speeches on the Iowa campaign trail.	Ted Cruz	Iowa	0
Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Wednesday seemed confident that he would win the Republican nomination if the presidential primary leads to a contested convention.	Ted Cruz	Republican	0
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who seemed sympathetic to the government, probed the implications of such a standard, asking Mr. Francisco whether it would be lawful to charge $1, 000 for a meeting.	Ruth Bader Ginsburg	Francisco	0
In Pakistan, military and civilian leaders are facing unprecedented criticism because bin Laden, whose al Qaeda organization was behind the September 11 attacks on the United States, apparently was living undetected for years in the city of Abbottabad and because many Pakistanis see the unilateral raid as a violation of their sovereignty.	bin Laden	Pakistanis	0
Yet on the campaign trail, Trump also spoke critically of the Saudi government and recently called for a ban on oil imports from the kingdom.	Trump	Saudi	3
"Make no mistake, Graeme Smith and the South Africa team are sitting there now saying great, England are a slightly weaker side without Pietersen,"" he said."	Graeme Smith	Pietersen	3
Bob Gates also reportedly recommended Rex Tillerson.	Bob Gates	Rex Tillerson	1
REUTERS/Edgar SuSome emerging markets have come under pressure this year as rising U.S. interest rates have drawn investors away, and due to fears of fall out from an escalating tariff war between the United States and China.	Edgar SuSome	U.S.	3
Huffington has been very supportive of Brown's efforts, as well she might be 	Huffington	Brown	1
Veteran actor Martin Sheen will produce and narrate a new documentary television series exploring new evidence in the infamous O. J. Simpson case that producers say could be enough to prove that the former football star was completely innocent of any crime. 	Martin Sheen	O. J. Simpson	1
British singer M. I. A. claimed that President Donald Trump’s administration is full of “pathological liars” in a series of charged social media posts this week.	M. I. A.	Donald Trump	0
The Cuban government blames the country’s poor internet access on the US trade embargo, which they say has obstructed the introduction of new network technology and prevented them from accumulating funds to buy equipment from other nations, .	Cuban	US	3
Don Christensen, president of Protect our Defenders, a group that advocates for sexual assault victims in the military, said it was hard to understand McMaster’s logic.	Don Christensen	McMaster	3
, Trump hadn’t previously derided Obama as “sick” or accused him of breaking the law 	Trump	Obama	3
In fact, Kelly was quite open with that assessment, which makes it all the more infuriating that any New York pol would support the trial.	Kelly	New York	0
In a TV spot released Thursday, Rep. Mike Coffman ( ) makes it clear he doesn’t ”care for him much” and doesn’t trust Trump.	Mike Coffman	Trump	3
Donald Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night was indeed, as has been widely remarked, presidential.	Donald Trump’s	Congress	0
Japan’s whaling fleet has returned to base with the carcasses of 333 minke whales, in apparent violation of a ruling by the International Court of Justice.	Japan	the International Court of Justice	0
Stephen Colbert unleashed a blistering, barrage of personal insults against President Donald Trump during Monday’s broadcast of The Late Show.	Stephen Colbert	Donald Trump	3
Kristaps Porzingis won’t meet new Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek until late June when he returns from Latvia, but he already is a big believer in the new coach.	Kristaps Porzingis	Jeff Hornacek	1
” Chinese boxer LV Bin went through many people’s worst nightmare at the Rio Olympics on Monday.	Chinese	LV Bin	0
The dream scenario for the Giants is Aaron Rodgers on the sidelines, frozen with helplessness and anxiety, watching the kid run the rock over and over and over again.	Giants	Aaron Rodgers	0
The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday cleared the way for the launch of a lawsuit accusing President Barack Obama of overstepping his authority in carrying out his signature healthcare law.	Republican	President Barack Obama	3
It’s amazing some Republicans were praising you just days ago for your independence, for your integrity and your honesty, instantly turned against you because your recommendation conflicted with their predetermined outcome they wanted, Rep. Elijah Cummings ( .) said. 	Republicans	Elijah Cummings	0
Our hope remains that the full 10th Circuit will continue its review of the case and uphold this rule,” said Lena Moffitt, the director of the Sierra Club’s Beyond Dirty Fuels campaign.	the full 10th Circuit	Lena Moffitt	2
Speaking during his regular segment on John Batchelor’s nighttime program, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein commented on what he described as a new talking points scandal 	John Batchelor’s	Aaron Klein	0
James Anderson's column in the Mail on Sunday had already provided some indication of the problems caused during the last week, in which Pietersen had complained of feeling lonely and isolated even before the troublesome texts emerged.	James Anderson's	Pietersen	0
The bratty New Jersey princess who once sued her parents for tuition is under fire for a tasteless social media post thanking President Trump for not building a wall “just yet” 	New Jersey	President Trump	0
The Trump campaign, which has seldom engaged in rapid response, also sent a barrage of news releases to reporters in an effort to undercut Mrs. Clinton’s arguments.	Trump	Clinton	3
Three weeks ago the Chamber of Commerce and others sent this letter to Senator Patrick Leahy, who's the just-reelected Judiciary Chair and the lead sponsor of the Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act (COICA), asking him to push COICA through during the lame duck session that starts next week.	the Chamber of Commerce	Senator Patrick Leahy	0
It would be tragic if the United States committed our military to another conflict that is neither understood nor supported by the American people.	the United States	American	0
The first time I attended a professional football game two USFL squads rather than NFL franchises played.	USFL	NFL	0
The Trump administration has scrapped Barack Obama’s program of ending the justice department	Trump	Barack Obama’s	0
Trump has pushed back, defending himself and his supporters, and labeling Clinton ”a bigot” for supporting policies he argues have ravaged minority communities. 	Trump	Clinton	3
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC member countries will meet in Vienna on May 25 to discuss whether to continue output cuts of 1.8 million bpd in an effort to reduce a global crude glut and support prices.	The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries	non-OPEC	0
Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday during a visit to Mexico that he felt ”almost obliged to apologize” for the rhetoric coming from certain presidential candidates this election cycle.	President Joe Biden	Mexico	1
Malawi said it was not questioning the EUs right to protect health, but Brussels plan broke the rules in four respects: by banning ingredients such as flavourings and additives, by imposing costly labelling requirements, by insisting on cuboid-shaped packaging with no lid or a fliptop lid and by banning slim cigarettes.	Malawi	Brussels	3
Like all my museum colleagues, I support funding for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Institute for Museum and Library Services.	the National Endowment for the Arts	the National Endowment for the Humanities	0
The U. S. embassy had warned of potential attacks on areas frequented by foreigners, but Kocarslan said there had been no specific threat against his club in particular and that many of the warnings had been .	U. S.	Kocarslan	0
Easton has also refused to answer whether Plenda will continue filing freelance copy for the AP newswires, or whether the outlet is done with her.	Easton	Plenda	0
, the fifth stop on a campaigning tour of Europe designed to persuade prospective students, parents and overseas media that his university is not giving up on the European dream.At every venue on this tour there has been a sharp intake of breath when I start speaking openly about Brexit, Shellard says.	European	Shellard	2
The use of recycled water for drinking was rejected in the Queensland regional centre of Toowoomba in 2006.But under the WA plan, recycled water would be pumped back into the underground aquifers, mixing with other water before it emerges from a householder's tap.	Queensland	Toowoomba	0
Under the nuclear deal, the reimposition of U. N. sanctions would only be triggered by violations of the agreed restrictions on Iran’s atomic work.	U. N.	Iran	0
On Thursday, the United States unilaterally blacklisted nine companies and government institutions, including two Russian firms, and three people for their support of North Korea’s weapons programs.	the United States	Russian	3
 Before Srinivas Kuchibhotla’s death in a possible hate crime, his family warned him about the dangers of remaining in the United States.	Srinivas Kuchibhotla’s	the United States	0
 Lou Cannon covered the 1980 campaign and the Reagan presidency for The Post.	Lou Cannon	Reagan	0
 For the first time on national television, Megyn Kelly on Tuesday confronted Donald Trump about one of the many insults he’s used against her: ”bimbo.” 	Megyn Kelly	Donald Trump	0
"we're not relying all the time on a tourist trade that only comes at certain times of a year, we need to make it viable all year round.""Mr Scott said Kempsey's proximity to Port Macquarie is also holding back economic growth, and contributing to the area's low socio-economic status."	Scott	Kempsey	3
Although North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests in the last decade and more than 20 ballistic missile tests in 2016 alone, and although it habitually threatens to attack the United States with nuclear weapons, the country has never an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM.	North Korea	the United States	3
Most of those speaking in the House debate were Democrats who said the bill would lead to more violence.	House	Democrats	0
Of the Syrian refugees whom President Obama would like to welcome into this country, how many does he think would satisfy whatever security standards Kemal supposedly falls short of?	Obama	Kemal	0
The most foulmouthed, Trump supporters are America but are not irredeemable.	Trump	America	0
 THE ELECTION of President Trump has prompted a lot of talk about the checks and balances of the American constitutional system.	President Trump	American	0
Instagram users have been praising Jazzy, who is an aspiring model, for the post 	Instagram	Jazzy	1
The US leader paid tribute to Turkey’s historical contributions to the Western alliance’s Cold War battles and promised: “	US	Turkey	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) is continuing to keep her powder dry this Democratic primary but signaled an endorsement could be on the way.	Elizabeth Warren	Democratic	0
BPD has conducted virtually no analysis of its own data to ensure that its enforcement activities are and the Department misclassifies or otherwise fails to investigate specific complaints of racial bias.	BPD	Department	0
Muslim groups and advocates have criticized Trump as being citing his rhetoric on the campaign trail and his call for additional surveillance of mosques.	Muslim	Trump	3
Four Arab states refrained on Wednesday from slapping further sanctions on Qatar but voiced disappointment at its ”negative” response to their demands and said their boycott of the tiny Gulf nation would continue.	Arab	Qatar	3
Marchionne has long advocated more car industry mergers to share the prohibitive costs of making cleaner and more technologically advanced vehicles, but GM has firmly rebuffed his previous approaches.	Marchionne	GM	4
Mr. Artemenko, 48, emerged from the opposition that Mr. Manafort nurtured.	Artemenko	Manafort	0
A victory in that state, which Clinton represented for two terms in the Senate, would deal a significant psychological blow to her campaign, rattling Democrats already worried about her high national disapproval ratings.	Clinton	Democrats	4
The Belgian brewer faces paying SABMiller a $3 billion fee if the deal fails.	Belgian	SABMiller	0
"In response, Axelrod asserted that President Bush ""is known, if for nothing else, for his resolve. ..."	Axelrod	Bush	1
Clinton supporters hit back, pointing out that although he voted for comprehensive immigration reform in 2013, Sanders voted against it in 2007.	Clinton	Sanders	3
A month earlier, in April 2016, however, Anthem had established a separate, highly confidential team to work on integration planning without Cigna’s participation, according to the DOJ complaint.	Anthem	Cigna	0
President Trump condemned a report in The New York Times that claimed his associates had contacted Russian intelligence officials in the year before the presidential election, tweeting that it was “an attempt to the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton’s losing campaign.	Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
Trump, meanwhile, used his speech to reinforce the fact that while Democrats were speaking to these voters in the hopes of one day again speaking for them, the fact that he was standing there at the podium was proof that in November, the people had been speaking through him.	Trump	Democrats	3
education company Achieve Inc. All three organizations were privately funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and none of these groups are accountable to parents, teachers, students, or taxpayers.	Achieve Inc.	the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation	0
"Despite rumours that the new series has been hit by numerous problems during filming, James insists that he thinks the claims are an ""elaborate hoax"" and has praised new presenter Chris for taking on the much-talked about role."	James	Chris	1
Others spoke out in criticism as well, notably Paul Krugman, who started debunking Ryan's plans the year before (The Flimflam Man.)	Paul Krugman	Ryan	3
JERUSALEM Young Palestinian Faris will soon find out how he did in his final high school exams, in which he answered questions about Israel’s founding fathers and the history of Zionism. 	JERUSALEM Young Palestinian Faris	Zionism	0
I’d love to thank Malia in person,” says Joey.	Malia	Joey	2
Trump has backed his attorney general and accused Democrats of blowing the issue out of proportion for political purposes.	Trump	Democrats	3
"India immediately held Pakistan ""directly responsible"" for the attack, in which 34 people died last week, and said it was determined to ""punish"" its nuclear rival."	India	Pakistan	3
Mr. Trump’s transition team had labeled the plagiarism reports “a politically motivated attack” and defended Ms. Crowley’s ability to serve.	Trump	Crowley	1
I think people will see it as phony that Democrats start playing by Republican rules.	Democrats	Republican	0
But the Marlins have failed to make the postseason since then, and the Loria era has marked by frequent teardowns and rebuilds.	Marlins	Loria	0
Osborne originally gambled that by slashing spending, growth rates of between 2 and 3 percent would kick in from 2013.But with Britains banks still recovering from the financial crisis and many of its main trading partners in Europe stuck in recession, his debt targets will be missed.	Osborne	Britains	3
"Sullivan knows that preseason success isn't likely to lead to any changes to the Giants' play-calling operation.""It is different."	Sullivan	Giants	0
The provincial government in British Columbia, Canada, has amended workplace legislation to prevent employers to force women to wear high heels at work.	British Columbia	Canada	0
Mel B has won sole custody of her youngest daughter and a temporary restraining order against her estranged husband Stephen Belafonte, whom she claims subjected her to years of abuse. 	Mel B	Stephen Belafonte	3
Since he came into the league, Gurley has been the Rams best offensive player, and one of the top running backs in the game.	Gurley	Rams	2
Trump suggested the damaging stories that have emerged in recent days are a result of collusion between Hillary Clintons campaign and the corporate media to elect her so a President Trump doesnt disrupt the status quo that benefits them.Now	Trump	Hillary Clintons	3
 Over the weekend, the New York Times gave America the latest entry in the tired genre of freaking out about millennials with a piece titled, ”What Happens	the New York Times	America	0
Morgan had supported Ben Carson in the Republican primaries but voted for Trump after the retired neurosurgeon dropped out.	Morgan	Ben Carson	0
So it is no surprise that those who dont know his name, who havent followed the movies, and who dont give a hoot about Matt Damons offhand endorsement of Australias ban on assault rifles, see the newest film and its promotional campaign as yet another pro-violent, hyper-masculine affair.	Matt Damons	Australias	1
"I think the training is working well.""Coach Bob Bowman, usually Phelps' harshest critic, was downright giddy when he saw the times."	Bob Bowman	Phelps	2
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruled recently there is reasonable cause to suspect that Anthraper harassed at least two workers and fired them based on their nationality, according to the Fox affiliate.	The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	Anthraper	3
Beijing has charged its companies with securing energy sources for Chinas fast-growing economy and is not so concerned about high political risk and poor economic terms.	Beijing	Chinas	1
While a TSA agent pawed my hair bun this weekend, presumably on high alert for improvised explosive bobby pins, I pondered the latest news on the Somalia airplane terror attack.	TSA	Somalia	0
However US experts said it could also be caused by other viruses such as the West Nile Virus, Japanese encephalitis and adenoviruses.	US	Japanese	0
Trump later said in an interview with NBC News he was going to fire Comey regardless of Rosenstein’s recommendation.	Trump	Comey	3
Donald Trump has been accused of a making an “assassination threat” against rival Hillary Clinton, plunging his presidential campaign into a fresh crisis.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
The British people, our special friends and allies, deserve our full support following their sovereign and considered decision to leave the European Union.	British	the European Union	3
"Paul's argument was showcased in a 2007 GOP Presidential debate when Paul, referring to the 9/11 hijackings, averred: ""They attack us because we've been over there."	Paul	GOP	4
Since Duterte took office on June 30, he has been scathing about U. S. criticism of his campaign, in which about 2, 300 people have been killed.	Duterte	U. S.	3
 President Obama participated in a venerable tradition Tuesday night by using his farewell address to give warnings about his fears for America’s future. 	President Obama	America	0
On Sunday, in the hours after the attack on officers in Baton Rouge, La. police reformers were quick to condemn the killings 	Baton Rouge	La. police	0
The offensive also ”galvanized the disparate Sunni insurgent groups into loose cooperation for the first time, and the fighting spread to other cities such as Ramadi,” said a study from the U. S. Army’s Center of Military History.	Sunni	the U. S. Army’s Center of Military History	0
this decades before Isaac Newton would explain orbits by means of perpetual falling) but he said it would not help the Copernicans, on account of the other problems with their theory.	Isaac Newton	Copernicans	3
Hillary Clinton’s emails — hosted on a vulnerable homebrew system — contained classified information that would endanger American lives if accessed by unauthorized parties.	Hillary Clinton’s	American	0
Malaszuk also said Rajaratnam used an improperly notarized document in an effort to obtain a visa for his son, and the defendants had failed to pay him for $275,000 in overtime.	Malaszuk	Rajaratnam	3
Bruno Beschizza, the conservative mayor of has described Théo as a “respectable” young man whose family has been “psychologically destroyed” by their relative’s suffering.	Bruno Beschizza	Théo	0
Yet on the campaign trail, Trump also spoke critically of the Saudi government and recently called for a ban on oil imports from the kingdom.	Trump	Saudi	3
Kanye West, the rapper, fashion designer, showman and Twitter ranter, has maintained a low profile since canceling his “Saint Pablo” tour and being hospitalized in amid rumors of severe exhaustion.	Kanye West	Twitter	0
When actress Meryl Streep made her speech attacking Donald J. Trump at the Golden Globes on January 8, she also made a plea to join in support of a group few people have heard of 	Meryl Streep	Donald J. Trump	3
Snowden, the source said, ”dodged blame, fled the country and is hiding from prosecution,” whereas Manning admitted guilt without a deal and eventually confessed.	Snowden	Manning	0
Boeing's choice of LIFT as its sole seller-furnished seat supplier prompted drops in B/E Aerospace and Zodiac shares when the deal became public in April.	Boeing	LIFT	1
 American voters think Hillary Clinton put national security at risk by mishandling classified emails and that she’s lying about it.	American	Hillary Clinton	0
Shell says the majority of Mayo residents and businesses had supported the pipeline during extensive consultation schemes.	Shell	Mayo	2
The SEC has accused DeYoung of running a scheme that dates back to at least 2005.	SEC	DeYoung	3
"Debi Adkins, who lives just outside the city of Baltimore, told the BBC: ""The snow started at 1130 yesterday morning and it just hasn't stopped... about 20 inches came overnight - and thunder and lightning."	Debi Adkins	BBC	0
Starks said that the FCA's remit to promote effective competition meant being proactive in rooting out competition issues rather than waiting for problems to occur.	Starks	FCA	1
Mr. Spanier’s lawyers have said that the charges against him were politically motivated and an attempt to distract from state prosecutors’ failures to stop Mr. Sandusky sooner.	Spanier	Sandusky	0
s evident DeSean Jackson didnt contribute as much as the Bucs would have hoped and that maybe targeting Evans more would have been better.	DeSean Jackson	Evans	0
 In his first full work day as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt made clear Tuesday that he intends to step back from what he sees as the agency’s regulatory overreach during the Obama administration.	Scott Pruitt	Obama	0
They knew most of the experts picked New England last week, though the Broncos were the No. 1 seed, and playing at home. and had beaten the Patriots earlier this season.The scoreboard talks for itself, Miller said.	Broncos	Patriots	0
On Thursday, the United States unilaterally blacklisted nine companies and government institutions, including two Russian firms, and three people for their support of North Korea’s weapons programs.	the United States	Russian	3
At the same time, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi accused Republicans of trying to gut womens health programs in exchange for keeping student loan rates from doubling  even though Democrats agreed to dig in to that same fund for budgetary savings in the past.	Nancy Pelosi	Republicans	3
Though he was immersed in the political world of his day, Niebuhr’s insights were all rooted in the Christian tradition, and his eventual rejection of pacifism and socialism stemmed from his view of human nature as inherently sinful and imperfectible.	Niebuhr	Christian	1
Morgan Stanley analyst Sean Laaman said the sale would free up cash to pay for the companys new hospital under construction in Sydneys north, and result in balance sheet concerns dissipating.However there was still risk to the outlook for the core Australian hospital business, he added.	Sean Laaman	Australian	1
In a bold departure from past US policies, Barack Obama sees clean energy and 'green jobs' as critical in stimulating the economy, writes Keith Schneider from Yale Environment 360 , part of the Guardian Environment NetworkEven in this era of costly crisis and even more expensive rescue, $50 billion is still a lot of money.	Barack Obama	Keith Schneider	2
President Obama’s campaign against the Islamic State is clearly weakening the extremist group.	President Obama	the Islamic State	0
They were at the center of last summers stand-off with Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno, who reacted angrily to a Star-Ledger report about the councils petitioning of the state ethics commission for a waiver that would allow them to accept more than one free ticket to performances.	Kim Guadagno	Star-Ledger	3
In the lawsuit, Apple initially accused HTC of infringing 10 patents but six were dropped from the case for various reasons.	Apple	HTC	3
But Manning would not give the Chargers another chance, running out the clock with ball control offense to clinch the victory.	Manning	Chargers	0
"Telecom Plc announced Danny Bakhshi had been suspended ""on a precautionary basis pending investigations being carried out"" and that the charge was unrelated to his professional role."	Telecom Plc	Danny Bakhshi	3
The New York Times has applauded Atlanta’s actions, writing that he should be held to “a different standard.	The New York Times	Atlanta	1
If, six months ago, you had told even the most casual political observer that John Kasich would outlast Marco Rubio on the campaign trail, he would have looked at you like you had three heads.	John Kasich	Marco Rubio	0
Williams, a political commentator who holds no official role with the campaign, said he was ”shocked” by Bennett’s criticism.	Williams	Bennett	3
But Trump has indicated he will continue to own his many U. S. and foreign businesses, and has rejected calls to sell them and put the proceeds in a blind trust.	Trump	U. S.	0
When Trump was in Europe recently, he attacked the Germans for having a trade surplus.	Trump	Germans	3
The Time response said the magazine had contacted the Secret Service to express its concern about the incident.	Time	the Secret Service	0
Citigroup is one of four banks that Los Angeles has sued since December for allegedly giving minorities home loans they could not afford, resulting in a wave of foreclosures and a lower tax base.	Citigroup	Los Angeles	4
Robby Mook, her campaign manager, downplayed the account from the FBI interview summary, telling reporters it was ”not uncommon for officials within a department to fight over classification.” 	Robby Mook	FBI	0
Dauman has accused Shari of manipulating her father in a plot to wrest control of Redstone’s holdings.	Dauman	Shari	3
One month into 1968, the Vietnamese celebrated their new year and the Viet Cong launched its Tet Offensive.	Vietnamese	the Viet Cong	0
Few understand how powerfully Jack Greenberg shaped the practice of civil rights law and the breadth of his contributions to our modern conception of equal opportunity and justice,” said Sherrilyn Ifill, the LDF’s current in a statement Wednesday.	Jack Greenberg	Sherrilyn Ifill	2
Macau's casino industry is just starting to stabilize after collapsing under the weight of mainland Chinese government regulation and a number of casino heists from 2014 to 2015.During that period, there were months when gaming revenues fell 50% from a year before.	Macau	Chinese	0
But the true scale of the movement remains unclear and Miskito leaders are warning the Nicaraguan government it would be a mistake to take the situation lightly.	Miskito	Nicaraguan	3
Bangladesh is the world's second largest garment producer, with the textile sector providing almost 81 percent of total exports; almost 60 percent of the clothing goes to the EU.A delegation of the International Trade Committee visited Bangladesh on a fact-finding mission in November 2016.	Bangladesh	the International Trade Committee	0
In his chapter, Professor Simon cited the late James Q. Wilson, a distinguished scholar who wrote the seminal book Thinking About Crime in 1975, as being one of the most influential leaders to advocate for higher rates of imprisonment.	Simon	James Q. Wilson	1
The body of Alayna Jeanne Ertl was found in Cass County, about 200 miles north of Minneapolis.	Alayna Jeanne Ertl	Cass County	0
Rene Prevals supporters clashed briefly in the capital (the Cite Soleil incident) with backers of a rival party.and hundreds of protesters raided polling places and dumped ballots in Mirebalais, grossly misreporting the Central Plateau incident.	Rene Prevals	Mirebalais	3
The Houston Chronicle, which typically supports Republican candidates for office, endorsed ORourke last week, praising his command of issues that matter to this state, his unaffected eloquence and his eagerness to reach out to all Texans.	Republican	ORourke	1
Billy Bush, a host on the “Today” show who has received stinging criticism for his role in a video with Donald J. Trump, has been suspended by NBC.	Billy Bush	Donald J. Trump	0
Mitt Romney, whom many would never have said was a spokesman for liberty-minded conservatives, emerged as their favorite in 2008, but he, too, failed to finish as high as even second place when the primary season was over, as social conservative Mike Huckabee soundly defeated him in a host of contests in conservative states on Super Tuesday.	Mitt Romney	Mike Huckabee	0
"Wolf, who has represented Virginia's 10th District for 17 terms, said in a statement that he would retire to focus on humanitarian work.As a follower of Jesus, I am called to work for justice and reconciliation, and to be an advocate for those who cannot speak for themselves,"" Wolf said."	Wolf	Jesus	1
The PR person for the designer who created Westbrooks interesting shirt, Joe Osborne, sent over this response tweet from the designer himself.	Westbrooks	Joe Osborne	0
The actor and writer Carrie Fisher was poised to spend a second night in a Los Angeles hospital on Saturday, as concerned friends and of the Hollywood star expressed hope she would make a full recovery.	Carrie Fisher	Los Angeles	0
Mr. Cruz often described the “hard ceiling” of support that Mr. Trump would surely brush up against, estimating it to be 35 to 40 percent.	Cruz	Trump	0
Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa, questioned the historical contributions of nonwhite “subgroups” during an appearance on MSNBC on Monday, igniting swift backlash online.	Representative Steve King	Republican	0
Earlier this month, Rep. Ed Henry, R-Hartselle, introduced a resolution to impeach Bentley for willful neglect of duty, corruption in office, incompetency and offenses of moral turpitude.	Ed Henry	Bentley	3
"Scotland Yard said Thursday's arrests were a result of information being passed over to the Met by the MSC.""They relate to suspected payments to police officers and are not about seeking journalists to reveal confidential sources in relation to information that has been obtained legitimately,"" the Met said in a statement."	Scotland Yard	Met	0
Sykes already had endorsed Cruz.	Sykes	Cruz	1
In recent weeks White House officials have criticized the North Carolina law, as well as similar measures in other states.	White House	North Carolina	3
Willie Geist later added that he hasn’t “seen a lot of signs” that Democrats have learned from 2016, and they appear to be “doubling down” and “blaming other things that perhaps didn’t have as much influence on the election as they believe they did.	Willie Geist	Democrats	3
Ms. Tantaros also claimed in the lawsuit that she was the subject of humiliating posts by pseudonymous accounts on Twitter known as “sock puppets” that she says were instigated by the Fox News publicity department.	Tantaros	Fox News	3
NBC News took a huge step on Tuesday toward taking on CNN around the world when it bought a piece of a news channel.	NBC News	CNN	0
According to Donald Trump, Mexico’s leaders are smart, sharp and cunning.	Donald Trump	Mexico	0
Withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) was a mistake, especially as it allowed Chinese president Xi Jinping to position Beijing as the champion of free trade and made his Belt and Road Initiative seem more attractive to countries looking for aid and trade.	Chinese president Xi Jinping	Beijing	1
Israel is planning to bolster its arsenal by deploying fully autonomous military vehicles along the country’s dangerous border with Gaza.	Israel	Gaza	0
Dissidents in jail and others laboring under the Soviet system took heart from an American president who championed their cause.	Soviet	American president	0
While it is true that Iraqi Sunnis of the north, united in their hatred of Malikis government which they say disempowered and marginalized them, helped ISIL in its dramatic takeover, the same differences may cause a break with ISILs intolerant and brutal methods, as happened in Syria and Iraq seven years ago.	Iraqi Sunnis	Malikis	3
Although many pundits have praised McCain's experience and knowledge of foreign policy issues, his specific positions regarding the immense problems that the U.S. is facing in that region should be scrutinized more.	McCain	U.S.	0
Since the Friday morning terror attack that stole at least 84 lives in Nice, France, investigators have learned that the murderer had started attending a mosque in April, stopped drinking alcohol, grew a beard for religious purposes and sent over £84, 000 to family in Tunisia.	Nice	France	0
For his bookshop and website One Grand Books, the editor Aaron Hicklin asked people to name the 10 books they’d take with them if they were marooned on a desert island.	One Grand Books	Aaron Hicklin	0
And so, with the original English National Ballet costumes and hand-painted scenery from Italian designer Roberta Guidi di Bagno, the companys 31 dancers  bolstered by 30 dancers from the studio company and the ballet academy, as well as	Italian	Roberta Guidi di Bagno	0
Anonymous has declared an ISIS 'trolling day' on December 11 during which the group aims to deface as many sympathiser sites and social media accounts as possible with pictures of goats.	Anonymous	ISIS	3
Starting as an infant, physical and occupational therapy five days a week developed Clementes motor skills.Going into physical therapy at a young age when there is still some elasticity in the muscles and bones helps, said Michelson.	Clementes	Michelson	0
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while answering questions about President Donald Trump	NBC	President Donald Trump	0
Whether we defeat Donald Trump before the convention or at it, I’m energized to have the support of the vast majority of North Dakota delegates.	Donald Trump	North Dakota	0
 Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe on Friday reinstated the right to vote to more than 200, 000 convicted felons, circumventing the legislature with an executive order. 	Virginia	Terry McAuliffe	0
 As country singer Joey Feek, 40, continues her battle with cervical cancer, for which she stopped receiving treatment in 2015, her husband and singing partner Rory Feek updated fans Monday that his wife has been “asleep for days now, and her body is shutting down quickly.	Joey Feek	Rory Feek	0
Trump falsely asserted that McCabe was ”in charge” of the investigation.	Trump	McCabe	0
’’ ’The next iPad, the iPad Air 3, could have four speakers like the iPad Pro, according to notorious French gadget leaker Steve Hemmerstoffer on his site via .	French	Steve Hemmerstoffer	0
John Sterling hasn’t missed a Yankees game since he started broadcasting the team back in 1989.	John Sterling	Yankees	1
"Back in February, Microsoft released its ""Googlelighting"" ad attacking Google Apps, the web giant's cloud-based collaboration and productivity software."	Microsoft	Google Apps	3
Although violence has diminished, the United Nations has accused the Syrian government of failing to grant permission for safe passage of aid convoys.	the United Nations	Syrian	3
 candidate Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron clashed over their vision of France’s future, the euro and ways of fighting terrorism in an televised debate on Wednesday before Sunday’s vote for the presidency.	Marine Le Pen	Emmanuel Macron	0
John McGraw, 78, was charged with assault and battery Thursday for allegedly punching Rakeem Jones in the head at a Fayetteville rally.	John McGraw	Rakeem Jones	3
Updated at 2:30 p. m. ET, Asked to name his favorite foreign leader, or any foreign leader he admires, Libertarian nominee for president Gary Johnson was unable to come up with an answer.	Libertarian	president Gary Johnson	0
The opposition has accused Saab of turning a blind eye to government abuses.This assembly had a violent birth, Maduro said during Thursdays address.	Saab	Maduro	4
 Donald Trump is expected to nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats (R) on Thursday to serve as director of national intelligence for his incoming administration, according to reports by the New York Times and Washington Post.	Donald Trump	Dan Coats	0
 China said on Friday tension over North Korea had to be stopped from reaching an ”irreversible and unmanageable stage” as a U. S. aircraft carrier group steamed toward the region amid fears the North may conduct a sixth nuclear weapons test.	China	North Korea	0
Colin Kaepernick has hit back at Donald Trump’s assertion that the quarterback “should find another country that works better for him” in response to his decision to kneel for the national anthem.	Colin Kaepernick	Donald Trump’s	3
"In a statement on Saturday, Ahmadinejad thanked Mashaie for his service, appointing him to a position in the Non-Aligned Movement, the 120-member bloc of countries whose rotating chair is held by Iran.""I consider knowing and working with you to be a divine gift and great honour,"" Ahmadinejad wrote in the statement addressed to Mashaie."	Ahmadinejad	Mashaie	1
The Borno State Emergency Management Agency said eight members of a local militia, the civilian Joint Task Force, were wounded in the attack, which underscored Boko Haram's ability to continue to operate despite the government's insistence it has crushed the group.	The Borno State Emergency Management Agency	Joint Task Force	0
Known for his hard-driving business style, the Texan will be responsible for bolstering relations with U.S. regulators in the wake of the LIBOR scandal that humiliated the London-based bank and racked up $450 million in fines.	Texan	U.S.	0
"I don't want them to think I was swearing at them.""Time appeared to run short when Albarn spent several minutes thanking people who had helped rock act Blur as the band collected their outstanding contribution prize."	Albarn	Blur	0
s top military powers and most ardent advocates of scrapping the embargo, said they had not yet decided to arm Syrian rebels, but wanted to put President Bashar al-Assad under pressure to negotiate.	Syrian	President Bashar al-Assad	0
Mr. Redstone’s lawyers argued that the trust outlined specific procedures to determine incapacity and that those had not been activated at the time when Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams were dismissed.	Redstone	Dauman	3
Hillary Clinton’s campaign accused the campaign of her opponent, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) of playing “political games” by failing to hammer down a date for a debate ahead of New York’s April 19 primary.	Hillary Clinton’s	Bernie Sanders	3
The Pentagon’s initial assessment was that the strike severely damaged or destroyed Syrian aircraft and support infrastructure and equipment at the airfield.	Pentagon	Syrian	0
The U.N. has previously called on the Iraqi government to ensure accountability over the abuse allegations, which threaten to unleash further sectarian violence in Iraq where it has already cost thousands of lives.	U.N.	Iraqi	0
"Cumberbatch rejected Assange's comment, saying: ""He accuses me of being a 'hired gun' as if I am an easily bought cypher for right-wing propaganda."	Cumberbatch	Assange	3
In that case, Congress wouldnt just be stripping Trump of his presidency: In all likelihood, it would be converting his ostensible pardon from a shield against prosecution into one more reason to move against him.	Congress	Trump	3
Sen. Bernie Sanders, who always against the deal, praised Trump, saying it’s “time to develop a trade policy that helps working families, not just multinational corporations.	Bernie Sanders	Trump	1
Edgard Garrido/Reuters Former Veracruz Governor Javier Duarte Ochoa is now a fugitive criminal charged with numerous counts of embezzlement.	Edgard Garrido	Javier Duarte Ochoa	3
A gunman described by Florida police as “a disgruntled employee” shot dead five former colleagues at a business in suburban Orlando on Monday before killing himself, investigators said.	Florida police	Orlando	0
Vuvuzelas boomed throughout the stadium as South Africans cheered on the only Arab team and shared their anguish at their loss.	South Africans	Arab	1
CNN’s response to the entire Sanders campaign thus far: that of a media corporation with its eyes and ears closed	CNN	Sanders	0
The governors position is likely to get more emotionally charged in Colorado the closer James Holmes is to being tried on charges he murdered 12 people inside an Aurora movie theater in 2012.Holmes, who faces the death penalty, was originally set to stand trial in October, weeks before the Nov. 4 election.	Colorado	James Holmes	3
In 2008, Raif did something fateful: He started a website, Free Saudi Liberals.	Raif	Free Saudi Liberals	0
The SEC in September charged Musk, 47, with misleading investors with tweets on Aug. 7 that said he was considering taking Tesla private at $420 a share and had secured funding.	SEC	Musk	3
Park was impeached by parliament in December after accusations that she colluded with friend Choi to pressure big businesses to donate to two foundations set up to back the president’s policy initiatives. 	Park	Choi	0
Recommended by Ryan Vogt, copy editorThe cover of Curtis Sittenfelds debut novel, Prep, suggests a chick-lit take on the classic boarding-school novela Gossip Girl version of A Separate Peace, with a woman as the fish out of water with first-day-of-school jitters.	Ryan Vogt	Curtis Sittenfelds debut	0
 Donald Trump sat down with ”Fox News Sunday” host Chris Wallace over the weekend.	Donald Trump	Chris Wallace	0
But Ryan was an imperfect candidate from the start: He had few concrete accomplishments to show for his 14 years serving in the House and a nonexistent base of support from which to unseat Pelosi.	Ryan	Pelosi	0
If he was planning to honor his commitment to support the Republican nominee, why did he make a dramatic show of snubbing Trump at the convention in Cleveland, when instead of endorsing him he urged delegates and the public to “vote your conscience”?	Republican	Trump	0
Rick BenoThis is what we do, villager Frank Gilliland says cheerfully one starry night as he peers through the community	Rick BenoThis	Frank Gilliland	0
But Andrew Miltenberg, an attorney who frequently represents students accused of sexual assault on campuses, said a note would do little to help, and called Speier’s bill “offensive.	Andrew Miltenberg	Speier	3
Journell's 39-yard field goal pushed the Virginia Tech lead to 17-10.Thomas had a 5-yard touchdown run in the second quarter for a 14-0 lead.	Journell	Virginia Tech	0
But The Donald s famously unshakable confidence ”which has won him scores of evangelical Christian voters across the country ”belies his consistently dismal support among Mormons.	Christian	Mormons	0
As a result the Capa connection had been suppressed because his pictures told the unfavourable story of the US troops, and so for years no one here really knew about them, they were considered subversive,” said Hoffmann. 	Capa	Hoffmann	0
Earlier this month, the New York Times reported on Richard Spencer, the white nationalist who is a leader of the movement.	the New York Times	Richard Spencer	0
China has branded the immolators as terrorists and blamed Tibetan separatist forces for fomenting hatred among the people.	China	Tibetan	3
Following the findings of the Francis inquiry and other recent reports, it is clear that the culture of the NHS needs to change and it is disappointing that the BMA union still doesn't accept that.	Francis	NHS	0
Turkish authorities blame the attempt on the U. S. cleric, who has denied involvement.	Turkish	U. S.	3
Three Pitzer College students are slamming a school newspaper, the Claremont Independent, for publishing an article about their crusade against white girls wearing hoop earrings after people on the Internet attacked them for their opinion.	Pitzer College	the Claremont Independent	3
Dukakis wasn’t asked to disavow Willie Horton’s endorsement.	Dukakis	Willie Horton’s	0
The Supreme Court ruling also prompted the Justice Department to send fewer trained election observers to polling places around the country than in previous years, with the reduction likely to diminish the department	Supreme Court	the Justice Department	0
Through the nonprofit he’s started, WeRobotics, Meier has been working with young Nepalese professionals to create a local ”Flying Lab” that will be prepared to take on this kind of work in future emergencies.	Meier	Nepalese	0
That's a sense widespread at home too, causing columnist Charles Krauthammer to observe that Obama seemed a bystander in his own presidential administration.	Charles Krauthammer	Obama	3
Toomey reportedly has not ruled out backing Trump, but said in a statement Monday he has not endorsed him and has “repeatedly spoken out against his flawed policies, and his outrageous comments.	Toomey	Trump	3
Fitch Ratings said Deutsche Banks weak fourth-quarter results pointed to a challenging year 2014 for the banks operating profitability as additional restructuring costs loom.	Fitch Ratings	Deutsche Banks	0
Kaine, however, gradually found his footing and scored points when he attacked Trump.	Kaine	Trump	3
Ryan, according to those close to him, had long ago determined he would have no choice but to endorse Trump.	Ryan	Trump	1
While you’re driving to your nearest polling station or waiting in line to vote, World Cafe’s Talia Schlanger and WXPN’s	World Cafe’s Talia Schlanger	WXPN	0
 A top government official says Indian troops are still battling at least two gunmen at the base more than 36 hours after the compound came under attack, AP reported.	Indian	AP	0
A U. S. representative from California has introduced a bill to block Title IV funds to colleges and universities that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities.	U. S. representative	California	0
Reader Barry Eisenberg recommends an artist known for his covers: The one that comes to mind is Richie Havens’ cover of	Barry Eisenberg	Richie Havens’	1
As candidate, Donald Trump often described China as the enemy accusing it of manipulating currency and effectively stealing manufacturing jobs.	Donald Trump	China	3
Sickening footage shows Alexandra Bennett being verbally attacked in front of her 10-year-old son by the brute in Crewe, Cheshire yesterday.	Alexandra Bennett	Crewe	0
Trump further stoked controversy after an interview where he said “they lost Ryan,” referring to his generals, fueling critics who said he was shifting blame for the death.	Trump	Ryan	3
 The town of Hershey, Pennsylvania, calls itself the ”sweetest place on earth.	Hershey	Pennsylvania	1
Employees from more than a dozen U. S. government agencies have established a network of unofficial “rogue” Twitter feeds in defiance of what they see as attempts by President Donald Trump to and other science.	U. S.	President Donald Trump	0
Can the offensive line continue to give quarterback Joe Flacco enough time to make plays?Can Baltimore put a team away or will they continue to play conservative with a lead and let better teams come back like they did	Joe Flacco	Baltimore	0
"Mr Bush has protected more special places in the sea than any other person in historyPew Environment Group Earth Watch blog: Bush's legacyBriefing journalists in advance, his environmental advisor James Connaughton said the move meant the US was ""setting the mark for the world with respect to effective marine management""."	Bush	Bush	0
For the fourth day, Israeli officials accused Mr. Obama’s team of ambushing them at the United Nations.	Israeli	Obama	3
Though his loyalists and supportive donors have floated his name as a potential candidate for the better part of a year, Romney himself has been more reticent about mounting another White House bid after his 2008 and 2012 losses.	Romney	White House	0
Grinda had prosecuted Zakhar Kalashov, a Russian citizen widely regarded as one of the most powerful figures in the Russian mafia.	Grinda	Zakhar Kalashov	3
U. S. Treasury yields rose, supporting the dollar, as investors made room for this week’s supply of government debt and also in anticipation of a Fed rate hike this month. 	U. S. Treasury	Fed	0
Brian Steinberg, an instructor at several online colleges, including the University of Phoenix, says about 10 percent of his students attempt to complete their assignments using smartphones - an easy to identify group:	Brian Steinberg	the University of Phoenix	0
When John D. Anderson reached his battle station in the USS Arizona’s No. 4 turret that morning, he realized the gigantic guns could do nothing against the swarms of attacking Japanese airplanes. 	John D. Anderson	Japanese	0
It was not clear when any fault might have developed, but it would, if confirmed, be one possible explanation of how the plane got into the state where the Indonesian pilot and French first officer would need to take over and display	Indonesian	French	0
Which prompts Costco to be contrasted with Walmart, the U.S.	Costco	Walmart	0
Fifty kilometres east of Lucknow, in Bedaru, villager Rampyari, illiterate and unsure of her age, is seeing the seeds of change that the BJP hopes will win votes.	Rampyari	BJP	0
Kulitta, music composition software written by Yale computer science lecturer Donya Quick, has fooled “musical sophisticates” into thinking its original phrases were composed by Johann Sebastian Bach, according to a report in Yale News.	Donya Quick	Johann Sebastian Bach	0
Jindal acknowledged that human beings contribute to climate change and said the United States should work with other countries to address it.	Jindal	the United States	2
Israel has embarked on a limited military operation in order to make up for the humiliation it suffered due to Hezbollah drone operation and at a time that despite intense rhetoric about attacking Iran, it lacks the practical ability to do so.	Israel	Hezbollah	3
” Trump has been criticized for his praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin.	Trump	Vladimir Putin	1
Many Haitians certainly seem to blame the Clintons for the stifled relief efforts.	Haitians	Clintons	3
This year the Islamists struck the capital Abuja twice, including a suicide car bomb attack against the U.N. headquarters that killed 26 people.	Islamists	U.N.	3
Throughout his presidential campaign Donald Trump has relentlessly criticized Hillary Clinton’s vote to authorize the Iraq War.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
The woman to whom he was engaged, Denise Joseph, contributed $10,000 to Long's campaign on August 30, 2012, according to federal campaign records.	Denise Joseph	Long	1
While the major case was going on, Maddie was still all worried about her friendship with Alicia after she announced she was pulling her support from Peter's campaign.	Maddie	Alicia	3
But Phil Nolan stepped in front of a Kilpatrick drive along the baseline, drawing a charging foul.	Phil Nolan	Kilpatrick	0
The Rangers have used four different starting catchers this season, with Bobby Wilson making a 38 starts.	Rangers	Bobby Wilson	0
But Clinton’s use of five words ”as far as I know” prompted outrage from many Obama supporters.	Clinton	Obama	0
Just before fleeing Washington for the April recess, Republicans unveiled a new amendment they said would revive their struggling bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act	Washington	Republicans	0
 Elementary School teacher shot and killed in her West Cobb home, her facing charges.	Elementary School	West Cobb	0
Trump’s allegations echoed past ones from several women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment and, in some instances, assault.	Trump	Bill Clinton	3
Yingluck was last month banned from politics for five years and indicted on criminal charges over her involvement in a state rice buying scheme that cost Thailand billions of dollars.	Yingluck	Thailand	4
The sixth Harry Potter film opens on Wednesday and is likely to be another hit for the boy wizard series, but with filming started on the finale, British director David Yates says 	Harry Potter	David Yates	0
"In a June report, the GAO report faulted the U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agriculture, and other agencies for failing to accomplish the ""fundamental step"" of planning out what assets and resources were needed to prepare for approaching fire seasons."	GAO	the U.S. Forest Service	3
In his report retired judge Sir Richard Henriques said one failing was officers believed Nick from the outset.	Richard Henriques	Nick	0
A Ghanaian developer who created a video game mocking Hillary Clinton has had their account permanently banned from the Google Play Store.	Ghanaian	Hillary Clinton	0
4 Nick Griffin attacks Jack Straw	Nick Griffin	Jack Straw	3
 Authorities in the Democratic Republic of Congo blocked an opposition demonstration in the capital on Saturday aimed at putting pressure on President Joseph Kabila to step down next month at the end of his mandate, witnesses said.	the Democratic Republic of Congo	President Joseph Kabila	0
He took the original White House blueprints and hired an architectural historian to adapt them,” said Chu Nguyen, a friend of the owner who also served as his real estate agent when the house was for sale several years ago.	White House	Chu Nguyen	0
Top Republicans quickly condemned the Obama administration for the move.	Republicans	Obama administration	3
 Anyone with confidence in the American people (and I have quite a lot of it) had to believe that Donald Trump’s unpreparedness, instability and just plain meanness would catch up with him eventually.	American	Donald Trump’s	0
Starting at its own 38, Burlingame (4-3, 2-1 Peninsula Athletic League Bay Division) scored on its first drive in eight plays covering 62 yards.	Burlingame	Peninsula Athletic League Bay Division	0
One of the many remarkable features of the Buck case that the supreme court justices will be asked to consider is that Quijano was called upon to present his highly contentious evidence to the jury not by the prosecution but by his own defense lawyers.	Buck	Quijano	0
” Labour Party politicians were quick to attack Mr. Johnson for using inflammatory language.	Labour Party	Johnson	3
The U. S. government has formally accused Russia of orchestrating the hack that, in July, released almost 20, 000 emails from Democratic National Committee staffers.	U. S.	Russia	3
"More models are starting to emerge,"" says Eisenberg who points to a site called Farmego as one example."	Eisenberg	Farmego	1
Syngenta’s board would still have to consider any rival offers, Ramsay said, although there are tough financial penalty clauses for both parties if they fail to deliver on the deal.	Syngenta	Ramsay	0
I think you can have a system that encourages victims to come forward while protecting the rights of the accused,” Andrew Miltenberg, a lawyer who specializes in campus assault due process, told FoxNews.	Andrew Miltenberg	FoxNews	0
 Hillary Clinton’s former chief of staff at the State Department had a Democratic donor with virtually no relevant experience appointed to a nuclear intelligence advisory board, according to a new report that also claims the aide tried to stall journalists examining his background. 	Hillary Clinton’s	Democratic	0
MANCHESTER UNITED assistant manager Rui Faria praised 'fantastic' Mike Clattenburg after their 0-0 draw with Burnley at Old Trafford.	Rui Faria	Mike Clattenburg	1
Since the Friday morning terror attack that stole at least 84 lives in Nice, France, investigators have learned that the murderer had started attending a mosque in April, stopped drinking alcohol, grew a beard for religious purposes and sent over £84, 000 to family in Tunisia.	Nice	France	0
On Facebook, Rahim ”liked” ISIS as well as a radical cleric and a historic Islamic scholar credited with theology that helped lead to radical Islam. 	Rahim	Islamic	1
American innovators have developed new ways to produce energy that have significantly reduced emissions of all forms and simultaneously turned the U.S. into a leading energy producer and exporter.	American	U.S.	0
Former economics student David Kernell faces up to 50 years in jail if convicted of hacking into email accountSarah Palin today addressed the jury at the criminal trial of the man accused of hacking into her email account during the 2008 presidential election campaign.	David Kernell	Palin	4
A Los Angeles news anchor said earlier this month, in response to the announcement that “the world’s strongest coffee” is now available in the United States.	Los Angeles	the United States	0
In December, an Oklahoma City jury found Daniel, 29, guilty on 18 of 36 charges of sexual assault, including rape.	Oklahoma City	Daniel	3
Other members of the Muslim community in Lahore expressed support for Rajhu’s actions, suggesting his actions were the noble option.	Muslim	Rajhu	1
The Knicks rookie added 11 pounds from the end of July’s summer league to the start of training camp, but Porzingis started to gradually drop weight as the regular season rolled on and his minutes increased.	Knicks	Porzingis	0
Cruz is a member of a working group within the Senate in charge of crafting the Senate Obamacare repeal legislation.Im grateful that he wants to help us get an outcome here, McConnell said.	Cruz	McConnell	2
Eunice Lee contributed to this report. Drexel University student from N.J. reported missing	Eunice Lee	Drexel University	0
DeLay was earlier indicted on charges of conspiracy and money laundering as a part of a campaign finance investigation, which led him to step down as House majority leader.	DeLay	House	0
Thompson has come up with a lot of fun writing ideas with her producer, Alex Kline.	Thompson	Alex Kline	0
Leaders of NATO allies are looking at increasing military spending in response to Mr. Trump’s insistence that they pay a greater share of their defense.	NATO	Trump	0
This promise, Gilman notes, withered in the face of both backlashfueled by partisan anger and racial resentmentand its own inadequacy, as Obama struggled to address explosive protests against police violence and as his administration failed to arrest rising racial inequality.	Gilman	Obama	3
John Sjostrom, 58, was working in his garage and said he had supported Gillespie in his unsuccessful bid to unseat Sen. Mark R. Warner (D) in 2014.	John Sjostrom	Gillespie	1
Eventually, I reached out to the Spotify support team, and they informed me that since I had created my account using my Facebook login, it was impossible to de-link the two.	Spotify	Facebook	0
The Knicks’ bench continues to form as Lance Thomas agreed to terms on a deal Monday that will pay him a starting salary of $6. 1 million, according to an NBA source.	Knicks	Lance Thomas	0
A handful of companies have gone ex-dividend, including Prudential, down nearly 4% at 1284.5p and Schroders, 99p lower at 26.16.Among the mid-caps Hikma Pharmaceuticals has climbed 42p to 19.08 as Citigroup issued a buy recommendation with a 23 target.	Prudential	Schroders	0
Clearly, Russia has been doing what it can to disrupt and generally cause chaos within the U. S. political system.	Russia	U. S.	3
One of the overseas successes for Disney is grounded in a story out of India.	Disney	India	0
Donald Sterling’s career was destroyed after tapes surfaced of racist comments he made to his mistress Paula Deen lost publishing deals and endorsements over similar allegations that she had used racist language decades earlier.	Donald Sterling’s	Paula Deen	0
Now the Taliban are recruiting from the same camps and ones created by Pakistan government offensives carried out due to threats of a cut in aid from Obama.	Taliban	Obama	0
He said the issue at the heart of the political dispute  the GOP pushing for language that would allow Delta Airlines to prevent its employees from unionizing 	GOP	Delta Airlines	0
 For years, companies like Facebook and Google have captivated audiences with the prospect of someday beaming Internet access down to earth from drones or satellites flying high above the ground.	Facebook	Google	0
” Trump vigorously attacked Hillary Clinton’s plans to significantly increase the number of refugees admitted to the country, which the most recent national poll shows is opposed by more than a two to one margin, 59 percent to 28 percent.	Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
Those dots, Acton says, mean that the scanned Lena image isn’t comparable to photos produced by modern digital cameras.	Acton	Lena	0
 The Los Angeles County district attorney has declined to bring criminal charges against comedian Bill Cosby stemming from sexual assault allegations by two women over separate incidents, one dating back to 1965 and the other to 2008, prosecutors said on Wednesday.	Los Angeles County	Bill Cosby	0
While it is mostly true that foreign policy and national security issues don’t drive votes, undoubtedly the feelings of insecurity and instability created by the Obama mismanagement of our foreign policy contributed to the Democrats’ defeat.	Obama	Democrats	0
America has made its choice, and it is not you,” Olivia screams back, her eyes welling up with tears and her voice slightly cracking as it fails to mask her devastation.	America	Olivia	0
While working on an article on civilian massacres by the Nigerian military, the photographer Ashley Gilbertson	Nigerian	Ashley Gilbertson	0
Haslam had previously told Nashville Public Radio he was considering the effect the legislation may have on Tennessee and its citizens, as laws criticized as discriminatory against the LGBT community has drawn increased scrutiny in several states.	Haslam	Nashville Public Radio	0
The number of homicides committed in major cities during the first half of this year is up by more than 15 percent, and overall violent crime is up more than two percent compared to the first half of 2015, according to data from the Major Cities Chiefs Association (MCCA).	the Major Cities Chiefs Association	MCCA	0
But neither gets to the root of the question Trump was asked: What does he say to a Jewish community around the world and in the United States that is worried about the rise of attacks since his victory?	Trump	Jewish	0
Islamic State on Sunday claimed responsibility for the London attack.	Islamic State	London	4
But Republicans did not need Democratic support to pass their legislation.	Republicans	Democratic	0
In a splashy White House event on February 25, President Obama once again touted his precision, or personalized, medicine initiative, which is intended to advance medicine’s new mantra, “	White House	President Obama	0
"She was roughly 2 to 3 feet away from me when the gator attacked.""Word of the attack emerged one week after an alligator snatched 2-year-old Nebraska boy Lane Graves outside Disney World's upscale Grand Floridian Resort."	Lane Graves	Disney World's	0
Jane Addams @SeniorCaucus to protest Paul Ryan’s attacks on seniors.	Jane Addams	Paul Ryan’s	3
"It's hard to resist,"" said Pegah Shabehpour, a 22-year-old architecture student browsing the Internet at the ITT campus library.""I've heard of some friends deactivating their accounts when they are applying for jobs"	Pegah Shabehpour	ITT	0
Apparently, Marie Claire did when they praised Kendall Jenner for her braided hairstyle and described it as bold,	Marie Claire	Kendall Jenner	1
Donald Trump launched a political nuclear on Tuesday, warning in a Twitter tirade that it’s no holds barred from now on.	Donald Trump	Twitter	0
The basic finding is this: Trump supporters seem to believe that globalization threatens cultures around the world — not just Americans.	Trump	Americans	0
"The Committee to Protect Journalists tweeted to the actress, ""Thank you Meryl Streep for your generosity & support of our mission to protect journalists and press freedom around the world.""Streep has been nominated for a Golden Globe 30 times and won eight times."	The Committee to Protect Journalists	Meryl Streep	1
Alexey Druzhinin / AFP / Getty Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin answers a question in Moscow on Dec. 3, 2009, during his annual televised phone-in showWhen Vladimir Putin took to the airwaves on Dec. 3 for his annual call-in show on state-run television, the questions and Putin's answers appeared natural and unprompted.	Alexey Druzhinin	Vladimir Putin	0
Trump has also directly praised Putin on several occasions.	Trump	Putin	1
Barcelona had enjoyed more of the ball but failed to create clear chances and every time Madrid sprang, the pitch opened before them and the sense of danger was palpable.	Barcelona	Madrid	0
The Republican's carping and attacking only strengthened Democratic Unity.	Republican	Democratic	0
Her colleague, Karl Rove, praised Gore as the ”world’s most debater, a man who is more proficient at debate combat than anybody the world has ever seen.	Karl Rove	Gore	1
When Netanyahu lost his first reelection bid in 1999, he blamed it partly on the media — in particular, Yediot Aharonot, then the country’s largest newspaper.	Netanyahu	Yediot Aharonot	3
Wearing a green military uniform, a somber Raul, 85, appeared on state television on Friday night to announce Fidel’s death, 60 years to the day since the two brothers and dozens of supporters left Mexico on a boat to take revolution to Cuba.	Raul	Fidel	0
The Hyde Amendment prohibits federal funding for abortion, and though Planned Parenthood is also prevented from using Indianas money by a similar state-level law, some argue government support for the non-profit is equivalent to indirectly subsidizing abortions.	Planned Parenthood	Indianas	0
Trump has already made clear that he plans to attack Hillary from her left 	Trump	Hillary	3
U. S. President Barack Obama declared a state of emergency in Georgia and Florida, freeing up federal money to help the states repair damaged infrastructure and remove debris. 	U. S. President Barack Obama	Georgia	0
David Rank, no. 2 @USEmbassyBJ, has resigned, sources say.	David Rank	@USEmbassyBJ	0
Maraga did not immediately issue a response to Kenyattas latest comments.	Maraga	Kenyattas	0
I wasn’t allowed to talk to a producer and they wouldn’t allow me to talk to anybody,” the adviser, Bruce Klinekole, told ICTMN.	Bruce Klinekole	ICTMN	0
McKenzies biggest failing is at quarterback, where he brought in Matt Flynn and Matt Schaub, neither of whom could hold the job.	McKenzies	Matt Flynn	1
In addition to the orders, Trump is also expected this week to sign an order to create an office of accountability in the Veterans Affairs department.	Trump	Veterans Affairs	0
One of Hillary Clinton’s oft repeated attack lines against Donald Trump is that he’s ”	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump	3
Well, New York Giants linebacker Jonathan Casillas can’t say he didn’t see this one coming, because he pretty much did.	New York Giants	Jonathan Casillas	0
Hulk Hogan was expunged from WWE history after his racist comments emerged in 2015GETTY HALL OF FAME:	Hulk Hogan	WWE	4
While the sharp criticism on the Senate floor may have stung, Republicans in Iowa backed Grassley’s tough stance and his candidacy. 	Republicans	Grassley	0
Maryland never had to worry about playing top overall seed Kentucky two years ago as the Terps were bounced by West Virginia in the second round.	Maryland	Kentucky	0
Also abroad, Putin has aggressively supported Syrian President Bashar 	Putin	Bashar	1
Peace talks with the Spanish government in 2006 had appeared set to produce an agreement but those were derailed when the group planted bombs in car parks at Madrid’s Barajas airport, killing two people.	Spanish	Madrid	0
A Civil War battlefield museum in Georgia is closing its doors after a local politician demanded that the establishment discontinues its use of the Confederate flag.	Georgia	Confederate	0
Legendary television Norman Lear believes today’s TV news networks are failing the American people by hewing too closely to political correctness.	Norman Lear	American	0
 A surreal junkyard disturbs an otherwise stark landscape in Yeruham, Israel.	Yeruham	Israel	0
 A newly unearthed documentary clip shows Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen talking cynically about people who make money off disasters.	Orlando	Omar Mateen	0
Then the conversation turned to search spam, and Shum basically accused Google of playing both sides of the spam game -- on one hand, Google wants to make its search site as useful as possible so users don't turn to alternatives.	Shum	Google	3
Mexico is watching with growing alarm as Homeland Security moves ahead with its plan to dramatically extend a border barrier that already has caused serious flooding.	Mexico	Homeland Security	3
Before the convention, Trump was making an effort to persuade the GOP establishment that he was an acceptable candidate.	Trump	GOP	0
But GOP congressional leaders are supporting an investigation into whether Russia did interfere.	GOP	Russia	0
Joe PenneyProvisional results on Thursday from 170 of the West African country	Joe PenneyProvisional	West African	0
The Seahawks official Twitter account announced Lane suffered a hip injury during the opening minutes of the first quarter and will not return to the game.	Seahawks	Lane	0
Theresa May also condemned Assad and his Russian and Iranian supporters last night.	Theresa May	Assad	3
On Sunday, former Uber engineer Susan Fowler Rigetti published a post on her blog entitled ”Reflecting On One Very,	Uber	Susan Fowler Rigetti	0
Just a little more than a year ago, Putin was accusing Erdogan of ”a stab in the back” and estimated ISIS oil sales via Turkey in the hundreds of millions 	Putin	Erdogan	3
Last week, US forces began to increase the volume of strikes on oil fields in Syria to disrupt ISIS' oil-producing operations, but the US had resisted attacking convoys out of fear of causing civilian casualties, according to The Times.	ISIS	The Times	0
"The BBC North director, Peter Salmon, poured scorn on recent suggestions in the press that the prospect of staff transfer is prompting a spate of divorces.""I've got no experience of it at all,"" he said."	BBC North	Peter Salmon	0
 This month, Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Donald Trump, was asked whether the administration would refuse to enforce the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate 	Kellyanne Conway	Donald Trump	0
The fact that Kaine instead delivered a pitch aimed at Latino groups and civil rights groups says something about what wing of the party Clinton wants to shore up support with.	Kaine	Clinton	0
"Talbot had been praised by Sheridan following Saturday's""The way he trains you want people to learn off him, that's why he's played for so long in this division,"" said Sheridan.""He's an excellent player for this league and the league above."	Talbot	Sheridan	2
Dennison was the Broncos' offensive coordinator from 2015-16 and the Bills' coordinator last year, but was fired.	Dennison	Broncos	0
"Herrmann released a portion of the results Thursday.""The report reflects a total of as many as seven rounds striking Zambrano,"" the attorney said."	Herrmann	Zambrano	0
Mr. Trump has attacked Mexicans as criminals.	Trump	Mexicans	3
"Peter Gogarty says he is one of Fletcher's victims, and welcomes the decision.""What's really important about this is that these allegations are aired in public, and that the Archbishop gives an account of himself in public,"	Peter Gogarty	Fletcher	3
"Unhelpful to Berkley was a major New York Times story in September whose headline -- ""A Congresswoman's Cause is Often Her Husband's Gain"" -- just might (read: will) find its way into some Republican attacks ads next year."	Berkley	Republican	3
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of the ordinary American: how are we going to be if a Christian or a Jewish person attacks us in our very home?	American	Christian	0
First of all, Marine set out to ensure that she was being respected by the media,” said Philippe Olivier.	Marine	Philippe Olivier	0
European leaders have consistently reaffirmed that remaining in the single market requires that Britain accept the free movement of people.	European	Britain	0
” Sanders also criticized Clinton’s response to a question on cyber security.	Sanders	Clinton	3
Because some of the views I don’t agree with,” Trump himself said, defending his use of eminent domain he also praised Planned Parenthood for good work on women’s health.	Trump	Planned Parenthood	1
Israel’s parliament has passed a law that retroactively legalizes almost 4, 000 settler homes built unlawfully on private Palestinian land in the West Bank, a move that critics say is a massive blow to any future peace deal.	Israel	Palestinian	0
The House speaker later endorsed Trump, explaining that he thought the billionaire would be the better partner to work with to push through a conservative policy agenda.	House	Trump	1
CNN host and debate moderator Wolf Blitzer stole a chance for Gingrich to get a big head start.	Wolf Blitzer	Gingrich	4
Scorsese may have been thinking of the austere religious dramas of such European directors as Robert Bresson and Carl Theodor Dreyer when he began this project, a welcome break from the flashy trivialities that have been his recent specialty.	Scorsese	Robert Bresson	0
Those memorials will remain untouched as the government moves to refurbish the surroundings, a process that Poroshenko kicked off at Thursday night’s ceremony, his somber face bathed in floodlights as he praised Ukraine’s consolidation as a “political nation” moving toward a “common European future.	Poroshenko	European	0
It’s been one year since health officials in Michigan warned people in the city of Flint to stop drinking the tap water after a research team from Virginia Tech discovered elevated lead levels.	Michigan	Flint	0
China’s foreign ministry blamed the joint U. S. Korea military exercises 	China	U. S. Korea	0
Many, including FPOe leader Strache have questioned the result and the many irregularities surrounding the postal vote which tipped the election in Alexander Van der Bellen’s favour.	Strache	Alexander Van der Bellen’s	3
Donald Trump was put on trial in his absence during the debate as his running mate Mike Pence was accused of trying to defend the indefensible.	Donald Trump	Mike Pence	0
The university’s chancellor, Nicholas B. Dirks, praised Mr. Steele for his “lasting impact” on the university, citing his work in dealing with the university’s finances and and “improving the campus climate” with regard to racial diversity.	Nicholas B. Dirks	Steele	1
John Sweeney has apologised for the outburst against a scientologist which was filmed and then put on the video-sharing website YouTube, prompting criticism of the corporation.	John Sweeney	YouTube	4
Since the NFL instituted the current 12-team postseason format in 1990, the AFCs top seed is 13-9 (.591) in the divisional round, which is the first game a No. 1 seed would play in the postseason.	NFL	AFCs	0
Hariri says Syria was behind his father's killing and later attacks.	Hariri	Syria	3
Trump and his supporters insist the Democrats’ outrage about Russia is really an attempt to undermine the validity of his election victory.	Trump	Democrats	0
When 54-year-old foreman Luis Urzua emerged at 9:55 p.m. from the 28-inch-diameter hole that curved deep into the San Jose mine, it had been 69 days since the miners were trapped, 52 days since they were able to declare to the world that they were still alive  but less than 22 hours	Luis Urzua	San Jose	0
The Commerce Department said consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, increased at a 2.8 percent rate in the third quarter and not the 2.1 percent pace reported last month.	The Commerce Department	U.S.	1
"For a year he served as the company's artistic director-designate, working alongside Ms. Jamison, dissolving his own company, Battleworks (a decision he speaks of with arrant resolve), and helping to produce new works, including Rennie Harris' story of people living with or affected by HIV, ""Home.""The"	Jamison	Rennie Harris'	0
"Though the article is heavy on talking points from NATO spokespeople and anecdotes from troops, we are given only one concrete measure of ""progress"" in this article:Lt. Col. Rodger Lemons, commanding Task Force 1-66 in Arghandab, said he had seen insurgent attacks drop from 50 a week in August to 15 a week two months later."	NATO	Rodger Lemons	0
After the terrorist attacks on 9/11 we responded by the passage of many new laws, primarily the Patriot Act and the creation of a new department at the Cabinet level named Homeland Security.	Cabinet	Homeland Security	0
During his campaign rally in West Virginia on Thursday night, Donald Trump responded to Breitbart News	Donald Trump	Breitbart News	0
The Latvian beat 13th seed Juergen Melzer 6-7 (6-8) 6-3 7-6 (7-5) to book his place in the next round.	Latvian	Juergen Melzer	0
If Planned Parenthood stopped performing abortions, few in either party would object to funding the organization Republicans at every level support reimbursing FQHCs to provide necessary care that does not include abortions.	Planned Parenthood	Republicans	4
The Club has not endorsed a candidate in the Colorado primary.	Club	Colorado	0
Only last week, Jamaat was added to the United States’ list of global terrorists, triggering sanctions.	Jamaat	the United States’	4
Wen has stood out among Chinas leaders as the most vocal advocate of measured relaxation under party control.	Wen	Chinas	0
Democrats in the U.S. Senate were considering pushing legislation that would place no limits on the liability oil companies would face if they are responsible for oil spills, New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez said.	Democrats	Senator Robert Menendez	0
Ms. Ortega’s lawyers say they believe the severity of the sentence stems from the furor over immigration and false claims about voter fraud raised by Donald J. Trump’s nationalistic presidential campaign.	Ortega	Donald J. Trump’s	0
Jona Rechnitz, a donor to Mayor Bill de Blasio who is at the center of a sweeping corruption probe, is the cooperating witness mentioned in a sources said.	Jona Rechnitz	Bill de Blasio	0
But Clinton and her supporters see Sanders as subtly and not so subtly trying to impugn her credibility.	Clinton	Sanders	3
When critically panned, underperforming Tavern on the Green hired culinary legend Jeremiah Tower as its head chef in November 2014, it sounded like a recipe for kitchen hell.	Tavern on the Green	Jeremiah Tower	1
The US and Russia have agreed a tentative ceasefire deal for Syria, intended to lead the way to a joint air campaign against Islamic State and other extremist groups and new negotiations on the country’s political future.	US	Russia	0
If you find yourself in Gotham City this weekend, don’t miss Cole Porter’s “	Gotham City	Cole Porter’s	0
 Donald Trump gave his first major speech of the election attacking Hillary Clinton on Wednesday morning.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	3
Any decisions related to our 2017 public exchange presence will be driven by fiscal responsibility,” an Aetna spokesperson told The Post.	Aetna	The Post	0
A student from New Jersey answered the Stanford University application question, “	New Jersey	Stanford University	0
Australian prosecutors have alleged Besim also had online conversations about using the kangaroo during an attack.	Australian	Besim	3
And the American Gun Owners Alliance, based in northeastern Pennsylvania, is encouraging its members to support McGinty, but not because they like her.	the American Gun Owners Alliance	McGinty	1
Ms. Martinez has also withheld her endorsement, a slight that evidently prompted Mr. Trump to attack her performance in office last week.	Martinez	Trump	4
The motivations of these Fatah leaders, many of whom surround Abbas, are less political and ideological than they are about restoring lost power and its ensuing privileges.	Fatah	Abbas	1
Saudi Arabia, which put the cleric to death in a mass execution of 47 men accused of offenses, fired back, saying Iran had “revealed its true face represented in support for terrorism.	Saudi Arabia	Iran	3
The uncle of one of the 82 Chibok schoolgirls released this week described his “amazing joy” after being reunited with his niece, who has been held captive by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram for three years.	Islamist	Boko Haram	0
” during the election campaign, Trump as a candidate repeatedly accused Clinton of illegal conduct over the emails.	Trump	Clinton	3
"Trump repeatedly panned the candidates on Tuesday night, especially the lower-tier Democrats polling at the bottom of the pack.""All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage,"" Trump mused at one point."	Trump	Democrats	3
"Corker said the Senate will vote on a disapproval resolution,""Where does that take you?"	Corker	Senate	0
And it turns out Marsh has Cotton to thank for her new relationship.	Marsh	Cotton	1
Colorado U.S. Attorney John Walsh says his decision to send letters ordering medical-marijuana dispensaries near schools to shut down has been met with an outpouring of thanks and appreciation from people who live near the shuttered businesses.	Colorado U.S.	John Walsh	0
” Trump has criticized The Post a number of times during the campaign.	Trump	The Post	3
Bill McKibben, one of the leaders of modern American environmentalism, endorses Clinton specifically because she can be pressured on ecological and climate issues.	Bill McKibben	Clinton	1
Democrats are particularly enticed by Mr. Trump’s dwindling support in affluent suburban areas 	Democrats	Trump	0
President Obama has issued a statement, condemning ”what appears to be a horrific terrorist attack in Nice, France, which killed and wounded dozens of innocent civilians.	President Obama	Nice	0
Poll: Trump crushing Rubio in home state of Florida.	Trump	Rubio	0
”Soldiers killed 40 Boko Haram insurgents and foiled their attempt to take over the barracks and attack the town,” said Biu resident Mahmud Bukar.	Boko Haram	Mahmud Bukar	0
President Donald Trump traveled to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Wednesday to meet the remains of a U. S. commando killed during the first operation of his presidency.	President Donald Trump	Delaware	0
Romney sharply criticized Trump during the presidential campaign but he offered praise after their dinner.	Romney	Trump	3
The Trump campaign, though, disputed this, claiming some of those listed as Cruz supporters were actually undecided.	Trump	Cruz	0
Roof, 22, is accused of killing nine people at a historic African American church in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2015.	Roof	African American	3
Benn later led the failed effort to oust Corbyn from the leadership.	Benn	Corbyn	3
From the start of the war, the Pentagon has hoped that with the help of invading forces the Iraqi military would surrender in great numbers and civilians might revolt.	Pentagon	Iraqi	0
But Hollywood may also start paying more heed to white, Trump supporters, on and off screen.	Hollywood	Trump	0
Kirk previously announced that he is no longer supporting Donald Trump — the first Republican to rescind his backing.	Kirk	Donald Trump	3
Dr. Drew and his team have delivered more than five years of creative shows, and I want to thank them for their hard work and distinctive programming,” CNN executive vice president Ken Jautz said in a statement.	Drew	Ken Jautz	2
The dismay Morrissey has caused appears to have led some people to take the view of Marr  whose every public utterance displays a man of empathy and grace 	Morrissey	Marr	1
A Trump supporter told the New York Post that the two of them exchanged racy photos over the course of about a year.	Trump	the New York Post	0
Despite being the world's top destination for IPOs so far in 2016, Hong Kong has failed to attract a significant number of listings from Chinese technology companies, with the majority of internet startups and software makers choosing to go public in New York instead.	Hong Kong	Chinese	0
Now Trump is fighting more than a dozen other candidates for the Republican presidential nomination, making his pitch on his business record and the respect its garnered him from millions of voters.	Trump	Republican	0
 A leading U. S. bank regulator on Friday reversed course and positioned the agency to claw back pay of former executives at Wells Fargo & Co after a scandal.	U. S.	Wells Fargo & Co	0
"It doesn't take a Nobel prize to acknowledge that Krugman is right about the global forces that have brought Puerto Rico to its knees; the internationalized pillage of vulture funds is now accepted as the ""shifting tides"" of capitalism."	Krugman	Puerto Rico	3
Eldridge Cleaver later claimed to have seen the error of his ways and supported Ronald Reagan.	Eldridge Cleaver	Ronald Reagan	1
Depeche Modes textured sound, a blend of synthesizers, industrial samples, driving percussive and moody lyrics, made them one of the most popular bands to emerge from the British New Wave in the early 1980s.	Depeche Modes	British	0
Well, Boeing has published a ad, praising Trump for his magnificent first 100 Days.  	Boeing	Trump	1
In late 1941, during the most difficult months of World War II, when the outcome was still very much in doubt, Winston Churchill delivered a speech at the Harrow School in which he advised the graduating students:	Winston Churchill	the Harrow School	0
Luntz repeatedly attacked Breitbart News.	Luntz	Breitbart News	3
BlackRock emerged as Telecom Italias second-biggest investors this week with a stake of around 10 percent, giving it a potentially pivotal role in the Telecom Italia vote.	BlackRock	Telecom Italias	2
I wasn’t allowed to talk to a producer and they wouldn’t allow me to talk to anybody,” the adviser, Bruce Klinekole, told ICTMN.	Bruce Klinekole	ICTMN	0
But the Marlins have failed to make the postseason since then, and the Loria era has marked by frequent teardowns and rebuilds.	Marlins	Loria	0
Originally called Quest, the group formed while attending Murray Bergtraum High School for Business Careers in Manhattan.	Quest	Murray Bergtraum High School for Business Careers	0
Cecillia Wang, the deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, quickly accused Trump of exploiting the situation.	Cecillia Wang	Trump	3
The Gianforte campaign’s account of the incident was contradicted by an audio recording Jacobs had of the incident and testimony from independent witnesses. 	Gianforte	Jacobs	4
Are we finally seeing some good climate news from the world’s biggest carbon emitters, the US and China?	US	China	0
 Tribal leaders protesting the construction of a controversial North Dakota pipeline vowed on Tuesday to fight U. S. President Donald Trump’s order to revive the $3. 8 billion project, calling his decision a ”bad move.	North Dakota	U. S. President Donald Trump	0
But Sanders also attacked one of Clinton’s strong points: her significant support among African Americans.	Sanders	Clinton	3
North Korea has also denied being behind the Sony and banking attacks.	North Korea	Sony	0
Trump has harshly criticized Mexico for its trade and immigration policies, which the says have damaged the United States.	Trump	Mexico	3
Easton has also refused to answer whether Plenda will continue filing freelance copy for the AP newswires, or whether the outlet is done with her.	Easton	Plenda	0
The American people have already had this difficult conversation, and 61 percent of them disapprove of Bush's handling of the war.	American	Bush	3
The Department of Education apologized on Sunday for misspelling W. E. B. Du Bois’ name in a tweet posted hours earlier 	The Department of Education	W. E. B. Du Bois’	0
As a result, Drake was fired, arrested at his home by armed FBI agents and charged with crimes that could have sent him to prison for life.	Drake	FBI	4
The Justice Department doesn’t like the way the Census Bureau is coming up with crime statistics.	The Justice Department	the Census Bureau	3
Dan Burn, at the heart of Birmingham's defence, appeared a risk to his own side and was withdrawn at half-time.	Dan Burn	Birmingham	4
Donald Trump responded late Friday afternoon to the announcement that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said he would be voting for him.	Donald Trump	Ted Cruz	0
We meet Eleanor Flood, the main character of Maria Semple’s new novel, on a day when she has resolved to change some things about her life: ”Today I will be present.	Eleanor Flood	Maria Semple’s	0
However, the fate of that case became unclear earlier this month after U.S. prosecutors abruptly dropped similar accusations against a Hawaii farm in a related case.	U.S.	Hawaii	3
By last week, Democrats had started to signal that they were shifting their focus to a critique that Gorsuch’s rulings demonstrated a willingness to side with big corporations over average citizens. 	Democrats	Gorsuch	3
’s credibility, senior F. B. I. officials are said to be worried that the notion of a wiretap will raise the public’s expectations that the federal authorities have significant evidence implicating the Trump campaign in colluding with Russia	F. B. I.	Russia	0
The Times also said that Fox News was accurate in criticizing the other networks for not covering the issue, according to an “ ” by the paper.	Times	Fox News	0
The United States now rivals Russia as the world's top gas producer, in large part due to fracking, and has stemmed a long decline in oil output, which stands at an 18-year high near 7 million barrels a day.	The United States	Russia	0
Kang has also claimed the inquiry is politically motivated and that Malaysia had conspired with South Korea to frame the north.	Kang	Malaysia	3
Ryan has endorsed Trump.	Ryan	Trump	1
But supporters of shuttering the special IG's office say the agency created by Congress all along was intended to close 10 months after 80 percent of the approximately $20 billion in combined U.S. Iraq Relief and Reconstruction Funds had been spent.	IG	Congress	0
said Biden, known for making gaffes and speaking out of turn, was referring to the economic plight caused by former President George W. Bushs policies.	Biden	George W. Bushs	3
The EPA only issued the rule after President Obama failed to get a climate law through Congress.	EPA	President Obama	0
Trump compliments Cruz in victory speech 	Trump	Cruz	1
Triggs Hodge and Reed, a Royal Navy officer, subsequently opted to row as a pair before reverting to their original boat.	Triggs Hodge	Reed	0
On Tuesday, Teva said it got an action letter that indicates that the Food and Drug Administration has completed its review of the marketing application for the drug and sought response to a list of questions.	Teva	the Food and Drug Administration Administration	0
 When photographer Sunny Jo got a call from Jeanie Ditty, she sounded like a mother in pain.	Sunny Jo	Jeanie Ditty	0
More recently, the state-backed Industrial and Commercial Bank of China pulled out of its agreement to finance the $3 billion gas pipeline with Iran, perhaps succumbing to western condemnation of Pakistan's decision to move forward with the deal.	Industrial and Commercial Bank of China	Iran	0
Simon’s performance was originally recorded May 12 at the Moody Theater in Austin, a few weeks before Stranger To Stranger was released.	Simon	the Moody Theater	0
In recent weeks, pundits and scholars have bemoaned the privatization of public education that is likely to occur if Betsy DeVos is confirmed as Donald Trump’s Secretary of Education.	Betsy DeVos	Donald Trump’s	0
How does the United States credibly reinforce the rules of behavior among nations when a leading U. S. presidential candidate proclaims his support for torture, religious discrimination, tax dodging and abusive sexual behavior?	the United States	U. S.	0
What the data shows is that millennials have started to overwhelmingly coalesce around Hillary basically since Labor Day,” said John Della Volpe, Harvard’s Institute of Politics polling director.	Hillary	John Della Volpe	0
Don Christensen, president of Protect our Defenders, a group that advocates for sexual assault victims in the military, said it was hard to understand McMaster’s logic.	Don Christensen	McMaster	3
The SEC accused DeYoung of continuing to recommend that his customers invest in the notes, and said he sent their money to his friend until at least 2013, without telling them that his friend had defaulted on the notes.	SEC	DeYoung	3
Mr. Trump and his team believe the Twitter attacks will his leverage in coming negotiations.	Trump	Twitter	0
Donald Trump’s presidential victory threatens to intensify sexism and misogyny in American public life.	Donald Trump’s	American	0
Saudi Arabia also supports Hamas.	Saudi Arabia	Hamas	1
WomenStrong and our partners have provided counseling and legal support, and for years MCI has helped the girls and mothers advocate for well-lit streets and kiosks, expanded bus routes and more frequent buses; the wider community now needs to join these girls and women in making their city streets safe.	WomenStrong	MCI	0
"Richard GrahamGraham is unfazed the Waratahs are favourites to win at the Olympic stadium on Saturday night, as he is happy for the hosts to carry the burden of expectation.""I"	Richard GrahamGraham	Waratahs	1
An onslaught of airstrikes in areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo has killed scores and destroyed a hospital supported by international aid groups, activists and humanitarian workers said Thursday, prompting the United Nations to warn of a “catastrophic deterioration” that could intensify an already dire humanitarian crisis.	Syrian	the United Nations	0
Or, as Politico media critic Jack Shafer put it: Did the media create Trump?	Jack Shafer	Trump	0
For the fourth day, Israeli officials accused Mr. Obama’s team of ambushing them at the United Nations.	Israeli	Obama	3
Douglas Kirkland got the chance of a lifetime when he photographed Marilyn Monroe in 1961.	Douglas Kirkland	Marilyn Monroe	0
The feds are not only investigating Russian meddling in the US election and possible links to President Trump 	Russian	President Trump	0
but Dumbledore was corrupted by darkness in his youth, so he pushes Harry endlessly to make sure he won’t fall prey to the same mistakes. 	Dumbledore	Harry	1
Governor Bush will continue to attack Trump even if it mainly benefits Ted Cruz.	Bush	Trump	3
According to this view, the US has been duped into enabling China’s ascendency, and one day Americans will come to regret it.	US	China	0
Historically, Sabet says, Spark's interest has really been in companies that combine cutting-edge technology with good design, because those are the products that people actually enjoy using.	Sabet	Spark	1
Emily Martin created a map of the gender wage gap in the United States.	Emily Martin	the United States	0
, Shays has endorsed Hillary Clinton.	Shays	Hillary Clinton	1
Corbyn’s policy platform hasn’t stemmed the spread of populism, and the Tories have made restricting immigration a central part of their agenda.	Corbyn	Tories	0
Separately, George Soros, the billionaire who bet against the pound in 1992, said a vote to leave would trigger a bigger, more disruptive devaluation in Britain’s currency than the fall on Black Wednesday.	George Soros	Britain	0
Nevada, which is more than a quarter Latino, was one of the states worst affected by the 2008 financial meltdown, with hundreds of thousands of families unable to pay their mortgages and forced to move in a crisis that by some estimates hit minorities twice as hard as whites.	Nevada	Latino	0
Venezuela, which has consistently pushed for a deal to boost prices, hailed the agreement as ”an important step in coordinating joint action between the biggest OPEC member and one of the biggest producers”.	Venezuela	OPEC	1
The reports findings appear to lend support to an analysis of a missile research team and published in the New York Times, which challenged claims made by President Trump, who said that a U.S. supplied Patriot missile defense system in Riyadh knocked the missile out of the air.	the New York Times	President Trump	3
Today, his son Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 nominee for the presidency, has emerged as a leading establishment critic of Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee.	Mitt Romney	Donald Trump	3
Peng the Taiwanese chef who invented General Tso’s chicken, a dish nearly universal in Chinese restaurants in the United States, died on Wednesday in Taipei.	Peng	Taiwanese	0
Read more: Sarah Palin just endorsed Donald Trump.	Sarah Palin	Donald Trump	1
"So this is what Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg alluded to a few weeks ago when she said that the current United States Supreme Court term was ""more than usually taxing"" because of its blend of deep ideological division mixed with a politically charged docket."	Ruth Bader Ginsburg	United States Supreme Court	3
If Norma Desmond is ready for her Broadway surely Robert Evans is, too.	Norma Desmond	Robert Evans	0
 LONDON — When two men claimed to have found a mysterious train filled with Nazi gold last fall in Poland, it all seemed too spectacular to be true.	LONDON	Nazi	0
 Russian investigators looking into the crash of a military plane that crashed, killing all 92 on board, believe a fault with its wing flaps was the reason it plunged into the Black Sea, an investigative source told the Interfax news agency on Tuesday.	Russian	Interfax	0
Among his campaign promises, Donald Trump vowed to increase domestic energy production and roll back President Obama’s efforts to combat climate change.	Donald Trump	Obama	0
China has accused the Trump administration of applying hardline tactics and has called for more talks.	China	the Trump administration administration	3
Last year, Carson forcefully criticized an Obama administration rule requiring cities and towns to publicly report racial bias in their housing patterns, saying it would “fundamentally change” communities by requiring affordable housing to be built in wealthier neighborhoods.	Carson	Obama	3
Lost in the New Hampshire outcome is the fact that Clinton still has a core of supporters, especially among nonwhite voters, who credit her record as an activist.	New Hampshire	Clinton	0
The Iranians had to listen while Ban Ki-moon denounced them for calling for Israel's destruction and denying the Holocaust.	Iranians	Ban Ki-moon	4
Refugee flows through Greece were supposed to stop when the EU and Turkey announced what was seen as a groundbreaking agreement to stem arrivals in March 2016.	Greece	EU	0
In 2014, Tanoe publicly supported the retired general Prabowo Subianto in the nation’s	Tanoe	Prabowo Subianto	1
Roof, 22, is accused of killing nine people at a historic African American church in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2015.	Roof	African American	3
The attack was the worst single incidence of violence in Iraq since March 29, when Al Qaeda commandos staged a massive assault on provincial government offices in Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit, eventually killing 58 people.	Al Qaeda	Saddam Hussein's	3
Yelp and a coalition of like-minded travel and shopping websites have created an elegant demonstration of the way they say Google biases search results in favor of Google's pages.	Yelp	Google	3
The UN has been accused of failing to act quickly enough to save hundreds of thousands of lives in northern Nigeria where a food crisis already killing hundreds of people a day is poised to become the most devastating in decades.	UN	Nigeria	0
The District Court judge could still decide, even though she is facing Israeli charges, she can be extradited regardless.	District Court	Israeli	0
Trump didn’t have any Republican endorsements to speak of until he had already won a slew of primaries.	Trump	Republican	0
On criminal justice issues, Harris faults Carper for mass incarceration dating back to his gubernatorial tenure in the 1990s.	Harris	Carper	3
Mr. Rigell has been saying since the winter that he could not support Mr. Trump.	Rigell	Trump	3
The Colorado Independent has reported that the charges indicate that Stapleton may have been using other drugs.	The Colorado Independent	Stapleton	0
 Islamic State claimed a series of suicide attacks that killed at least 14 people south and west of Baghdad on Monday as a U. S. campaign to capture Mosul, the insurgents’ last urban stronghold in Iraq, made slow progress. 	Islamic State	Baghdad	3
In the decades since this pronouncement, the District has failed to meet this obligation as it concerns the high schools and middle schools in Cleveland, Mississippi.	District	Cleveland	0
Thats how market works, and how this process works.Ive spoken to a number of New Hampshire friends and acquaintances over the last 18 months about this, from libertarians to conservatives to moderates to liberals, and the closest thing to supporting the NPP I have found was one friend who didnt know enough to really have an opinion.	New Hampshire	NPP	3
Opposition leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu has been especially critical of the move saying that Erdogan should take the issue to a referendum as polls show the majority of Turks oppose the idea.	Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu	Erdogan	3
When hackers associated with North Korea tried to break into Polish banks late last year they left a trail of information about their apparent intentions to steal money from more than 100 organizations around the world, according to security researchers.	North Korea	Polish	0
 Two South Carolina shootings that rocked the country last year and raised questions about race in America are now headed for trial, putting the historic city of Charleston on edge as the community awaits the testimony and juries’ decisions.	South Carolina	America	0
On Friday, the White House sharply criticized Giuliani’s comments. 	the White House	Giuliani	3
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi handpicked a trusted bureaucrat, little known outside India’s financial circles, to spearhead a radical move to abolish 86 percent of the country	Minister Narendra Modi	India	0
The MAG concluded that the death of the son of a BBC picture editor on the first day of the conflict was not the result of IDF action.	MAG	BBC	0
The Islamic State jihadists who assassinated a priest in Normandy first forced him to kneel on the ground in submission.	Islamic State	Normandy	0
He isn't the closer that Dallas needs on offense to win football games, while Elliott most certainly is.	Dallas	Elliott	0
Actress and activist Ashley Judd says the “tragedy” of Donald Trump’s election victory is far worse than an experience from her childhood in which she was raped.	Ashley Judd	Donald Trump’s	3
Now you see how fantastic this company is -- its value, these dividends -- but we started from zero, when niobium was just a laboratory dream.The company is now worth $13 billion, more than the Salles' $7.1 billion interest in Brazilian bank, Itau.	Salles	Brazilian	0
We had the smooch between the two longtime deckhands whose names I'm forgetting, a brief glimpse of the mining ship (who have always had it the worst of anybody in the rag-tag fleet), and of course Kara standing at the memorial wall, thanking Kat for her role in getting them there	Kara	Kat	1
Sir Ian said that while he knew he had the support of the home secretary, Jacqui Smith, he could not do the job without the support of the mayor.	Ian	Jacqui Smith	2
 The town of Hershey, Pennsylvania, calls itself the ”sweetest place on earth.	Hershey	Pennsylvania	1
The individual plaintiffs in the lawsuit include Philip Cohen, a sociology professor at the University of Maryland; Holly Figueroa, described in the complaint as a political organizer and songwriter in Washington state; and Brandon Neely, a Texas police officer.	Philip Cohen	Holly Figueroa	0
Uber made two big announcements Tuesday, adopting new policies to improve its workplace environment and saying CEO Travis Kalanick is going on a leave of absence for personal reasons.	Uber	Travis Kalanick	0
Even if doves accept Clinton as the lesser of two evils, this is a regrettable situation if you consider reducing American violence abroad a crucial goal.	Clinton	American	0
In a statement published on their official website on May 12, organizers insisted that López Rivera was worthy of praise despite his remorseless history of violence: We aim to use Oscar López Rivera and his story 	López Rivera	Oscar López Rivera	0
When NPR reported Bob Ebeling’s story on the 30th anniversary of the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger, hundreds of listeners and readers expressed distress and sympathy in letters and emails.	NPR	Bob Ebeling’s	0
David Gonzalez, the lead investigator on the case with the Iowa City Police Department, said he wishes Li would come forward to answer questions.	David Gonzalez	Li	0
Wednesdays top story: Trump calls for unity before attacking Democrats in annual address.	Trump	Democrats	3
In June 2014, the Colorado Public Defenders office filed a lawsuit, naming Denver County magistrates Catherine Cary and Howard Slavin, alleging the two judges determined the defendants bail in private chambers and failed to follow state laws requiring them to consider individual characteristics of each defendant.	Catherine Cary	Howard Slavin	0
While some think that a new chief executive might bring about change, ultimately Chinese president Xi Jinping will continue to wield control over Hong Kong.	Chinese president Xi Jinping	Hong Kong	0
The Turkish President declared ISIS as the ”likely perpetrator” of an attack that killed 50 people at a wedding in the nation’s southeast. 	Turkish President	ISIS	3
As part of an project called A Nation Engaged, NPR has been asking people this presidential election year what it means to be an American.	NPR	American	0
Produced by James Ford — presumably hired more on the basis of his role as half of the electronic duo Simian Mobile Disco than for his fame as the Arctic Monkeys’ preferred producer 	James Ford	Simian Mobile Disco	0
McKinsey advocated the one-quarter cuts and let Conde figure out for itself how to get there.	McKinsey	Conde	0
The Predators defensemen are known more for their offensive prowess, but they have to focus on trying to keep Crosby off the scoresheet.	Predators	Crosby	0
Bombelyn, who had worked with a grassroots group of residents, including a substantial number of Rutgers University students, had attacked Cahill for concentrating on redevelopment of the at the expense of other neighborhoods.	Bombelyn	Cahill	3
An emergency House GOP caucus meeting was called Tuesday morning, not long after Donald Trump criticize the timing of the move to overhaul ethics office, but nonetheless called the office ”unfair.	House GOP	Donald Trump	0
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but it’s unclear whether Bouhlel had concrete links to the group.	Islamic State	Bouhlel	0
A court will likely allow the case to proceed based on the injury spelled out in the complaint, but beyond that, it’s unclear whether the D. C. restaurant has a chance to succeed in this unprecedented case, experts told TPM.	D. C.	TPM	0
But Mr. Santana’s video, which emerged within days of the shooting and provoked international outrage, made Mr. Slager a pariah to many in law enforcement, an anomaly of policing who strayed far from his duties and oath when he opened fire and, prosecutors contended, tried to stage the scene to make the shooting appear justified.	Santana	Slager	0
Israel will now consider using administrative detention against suspected ISIS sympathizers and supporters, according to an official familiar with the decision.	Israel	ISIS	3
Clinton also praised Reagan for her ”very effective, advocacy.	Clinton	Reagan	1
Portuguese Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho told the nation in an address late on Tuesday that he did not accept the foreign ministers resignation and would try to go on governing.	Portuguese	Minister Pedro Passos Coelho	0
Getty Images 6 Mark Noble fails to control the ball during 4-2 loss at the London StadiumMaybe thats not down to the board because we dont own the place.	Getty Images	Mark Noble	0
 When Susan Benesch began looking at how speech could incite mass violence, her research took her to places like Kenya and Burma.	Susan Benesch	Kenya	0
Some buildings, such as the Orthodox cathedral, have a bold hybrid style, with African monkey head details of wooden dowels poking through the facade, originally used to to bind horizontal layers of wood together between the blocks of stone.	Orthodox	African	0
U. S. government officials have not officially attributed that attack to the Russian government, but some privately say they concur with the analysis. 	U. S.	Russian	3
In his last official question-and-answer session with the press, Bush thanked the White House press corps for their effort, even though he said they sometimes didn't give him the credit	Bush	White House	1
IFS thinks there is a one in three chance of forecasts for the public finances deteriorating significantly over the next year, which would leave Hammond in an even deeper hole than the one he has just emerged from.	IFS	Hammond	3
In a statement, the news agency Amaq, which supports Isis, said the teen carried out the attack in response to calls to target countries in the coalition fighting IS in the middle east.	Amaq	Isis	1
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito ( ) noted that “the Medicaid portion is obviously the area of greatest concern for me,” but refused to answer how she would vote later this week.	Shelley Moore Capito	Medicaid	3
Hillary Clinton preached to the faithful, Donald Trump embraced his Staten Islander and Bernie Sanders attracted throngs of young supporters in Brooklyn on Sunday as candidates made a final weekend push for votes ahead of Tuesday’s huge New York primary.	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
The White House has finally condemned the in a Kansas bar last week 	The White House	Kansas	3
One senior Kurdish commander told CNN earlier this year that it was a ”formidable” enemy that demanded respect.	Kurdish	CNN	0
Hillary Clinton is exploiting a giant loophole in federal data classification laws, according to lawyers who defend Americans in hearings.	Hillary Clinton	Americans	0
The infighting intensified this week after CBI agents raided their own headquarters and arrested an officer accused of fabricating records to back Asthanas allegations against Verma.	CBI	Asthanas	3
 Amazon doesn’t have a booth at the Consumer Electronics Show, but Alexa is everywhere at the Las Vegas event this week.	Amazon	Alexa	0
The Virginia operation had roots in Henrico and Richmond Counties, as well as the cities of Hampton and Newport News.	Virginia	Henrico	0
” Mr. Alston also argued in his report that, as The New York Times has reported, the United Nations’ cholera eradication program has failed.	Alston	The New York Times	0
Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) called on former National Security Advisor Susan Rice to be brought in front of Congress under subpoena and asked questions about allegations she was behind the unmasking of American identities in raw surveillance. 	Rand Paul	Susan Rice	0
"Taking a page out of Chavez's playbook, a fiery Maduro marched through the streets of the capital draped in a Venezuelan flag and called on voters to follow ""commander Chavez as the spiritual guide of the fatherland.""""I am the son of Chavez,"" the burly 50-year-old former bus driver shouted to supporters in downtown Caracas."	Chavez	Maduro	2
When he started the Nest program, it was only in its 2nd year, at one New York City school.	Nest	New York City	0
Human Rights Watch said in a report that Sunni militias receiving support from the Iraqi government have recruited males younger than 18 from at least one camp for displaced people inside the country.	Sunni	Iraqi	2
Democrats thrilled when President Obama vowed to govern by means of “a pen and a phone.	Democrats	President Obama	0
When Owen Husney first met Prince Rogers Nelson, the musician was barely old enough to vote 	Owen Husney	Prince Rogers Nelson	0
On 12 November, a Tennessee grand jury indicted Anna Yocca on three felony charges that included aggravated assault and attempted abortion.	Tennessee	Anna Yocca	3
Trump supporters vow to boycott Starbucks over CEO	Trump	Starbucks	0
"KPMG global Chairman Michael Andrew praised the progress made ""through commonsense dialogue"" among the regulators."	KPMG	Michael Andrew	2
A real estate mogul, Trump has supported Democratic politicians in the past.	Trump	Democratic	1
President Barack Obama is hinting racism played a role in Republican opposition to his liberal political agenda.	President Barack Obama	Republican	0
"After surviving the failure of his teleprompter at the top of his speech, Fallon welcomed the audience to the Golden Globes, which he called ""one of the few places left where America still honors the popular vote.""As"	Fallon	America	1
Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Thursday went on a tear against Republican presidential rival Donald Trump for his ongoing attacks against his wife, saying Trump has an issue with women. ?	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
During and after the campaign, Trump has responded to claims that Russia tried to interfere in the election with and incredible skepticism (at one point arguing that the hacker could have been “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds”) and by attacking the credibility of American intelligence agencies.	Trump	American	3
 Sen. Ted Cruz picked up his first Senate endorsement Thursday from Sen. Mike Lee of Utah.	Ted Cruz	Mike Lee	2
 Laurence H. Tribe is Carl M. Loeb University Professor and Professor of Constitutional Law at Harvard Law School. 	Laurence H. Tribe	Carl M. Loeb University	0
"Sources confirm that Odom's addiction issues have caused marital problems with his wife Khloe Kardashian, who has stood by his side over the past few months.""He realized he needs help,"" a source tells People of the 33-year-old NBA free agent."	Odom	Khloe Kardashian	2
This support was so strong that these voters not only elected Reagan, they also gave the Republican party control of the Senate for the first time since 1954.	Reagan	Republican	0
But President Barack Obama didn’t attend a unity march in Paris on Sunday, days after the deadly attack on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo.	President Barack Obama	Charlie Hebdo	0
Democrats have accused Icahn of which he has denied.	Democrats	Icahn	3
 The House Benghazi committee has issued a subpoena to a senior Pentagon official who criticized the panel for making costly and unnecessary requests to the Defense Department.	House	Pentagon	3
"DVLA has accepted our findings and has taken steps to address some of the failures identified Ombudsman Julie MellorAnd the DVLA's method of handling complaints is ""poor and defensive""."	DVLA	Julie MellorAnd	0
 Prime Minister Theresa May criticized Britain’s finance industry for failing to promote and retain women on Tuesday as the government revealed that some of the biggest players have committed to having at least 30 percent in senior roles by 2021.	Minister Theresa May	Britain	3
Carlson, however, claims that he was simply suggesting that Facebook hire news curators with a broader “diversity of views” in order to avoid the sort of leftwing bias they’ve been accused of.	Carlson	Facebook	3
But Ryan also forced through — without allowing any amendments — a bill that he incorrectly claimed would “pause” the refugee program in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks.	Ryan	Paris	0
From all the testimony coming out of a Newark federal courtroom, you’d think Chris Christie and Andrew Cuomo were sitting in the dock.	Chris Christie	Andrew Cuomo	0
Eleven Americans describe what it’s like to be transgender in Timothy 	Americans	Timothy	0
Ofcom and the Office of Fair Trading will pronounce shortly on the future of the contracts rights renewal (CRR) mechanism, which holds ITV's ad prices to 2003 levels.	Ofcom	the Office of Fair Trading	0
Andersson recognizes that lives were lost that day (the female passenger in the overturned vehicle also died) but he hopes people won’t judge Yoxall for pulling the trigger. 	Andersson	Yoxall	1
They were eventually awarded a penalty which Sinfield kicked to stretch the lead to eight points, but the Kiwis regained possession from a short kick-off and once again it took some heroic defending to keep them out and earn a place in the final.	Sinfield	Kiwis	0
"The nine or 10 US missiles also killed several Northern Alliance troops.""It was a big mistake because they killed our people,"" an opposition commander, Mohammad Alem, complained yesterday."	Northern Alliance	Mohammad Alem	4
By morning, Democrats had posted a Web ad splicing her answer during the debate with some of Trump’s more offensive comments.	Democrats	Trump	0
On August 19, Breitbart News reported that big game hunter Aryanna Gourdin received death wishes and ridicule on social media after posting a photo that showed her standing by a giraffe she shot and killed, her bolt action rifle in the foreground.	Breitbart News	Aryanna Gourdin	0
Houston’s home appears ideally located to entice supporters from all corners of the city, but the Dynamo have not reached the playoffs since 2013.	Houston	Dynamo	0
Among well-known Asia funds, Fuchs appears to have been only outdone by former Credit Suisse trader Charlie Chan's $105 million Splendid Asia macro hedge fund, which gained 63 percent last year betting on real estate investment trusts, bonds and currencies.	Fuchs	Charlie Chan	0
From Jonathan Martin writing at The New York Times: The casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson told Donald J. Trump in a private meeting last week that he was willing to contribute more to help elect him than he has to any previous campaign, a sum that could exceed $100 million, according to two Republicans with direct knowledge of Mr. Adelson’s commitment.	Jonathan Martin	Sheldon G. Adelson	0
Federal agents with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounded up more than 1, 100 gang members, including hundreds associated with transnational gangs, in a national operation targeting gangs and transnational criminal organizations.	Immigration and Customs Enforcement	ICE	0
Berry was also publicly shamed when the High Society nudie magazine in January 1990 published photos of him posing naked with different women, with the publication claiming to be “the only magazine with the balls to show Chuck’s berries.	Berry	Chuck	0
 The Clinton campaign has met rival Sen. Bernie Sanders’ challenge to debate him in New York ahead on the state’s April 19 primary, but the final negotiations have resulted in the kind of acrimony the has pervaded their primary contest in recent days.	Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
This example makes clear that the Grillo movement has no objection to the austerity policies demanded by the banks and supported by the PD and other Italian parties.	Grillo	Italian	2
Trump also renewed his criticism of his predecessor Barack Obama	Trump	Barack Obama	3
Sam Reece is 'devastated' about Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell romanceHe recently tweeted that he would no longer be supporting his girlfriend during her time in the house.	Sam Reece	Stephanie Davis	3
- Russia is close to drawing up a draft law to raise the pension age, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Saturday, but wants to do so carefully and in a way that avoids disrupting the existing pension system or causing social tensions.	Russia	Minister Dmitry Medvedev	0
Another neighbor, Geoff Morgan, said he heard Perivoitos shouting during the attack, screaming “	Geoff Morgan	Perivoitos	0
CBS News reports: Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that some possible foreign policy shifts by the Trump administration would be “explosive.	John Kerry	Trump	0
As a deadly opioid overdose epidemic sweeps across the US, the Senate passed an extensive bill aimed at fighting the crisis with prevention, treatment and recovery options 	US	Senate	0
"Investigative reporter Maureen Orth, who has written about it for over 25 years, curated ""10 Undeniable Facts About the Woody Allen Sexual-Abuse Allegation"" in 2014, which counters some of Moses' critical points."	Maureen Orth	Moses	3
The quietly momentous film The Sense of an Ending began life as a sublimely achy short novel by British writer Julian Barnes (for whom it won the 2011 Man Booker prize) about an apparently unremarkable man with the aptly flavorless name of Tony Webster.	Julian Barnes	Tony Webster	0
"We must thank Sir Alex Ferguson for this joyous footballing machine, which verges on perfection,"" gushed a Gazzetta dello Sport hack who may well be"	Alex Ferguson	Gazzetta dello Sport	2
 When Hillary Clinton showed up to the inauguration of her former rival Donald Trump on Friday, her outfit made a striking statement.	Hillary Clinton	Donald Trump	0
In the first case, in 1985, Avery was accused of trying to rape and kill a woman named Penny Beerntsen, after she identified him as her attacker.	Avery	Penny Beerntsen	4
This has enabled EFK to double production each year, says Katz, up to 1, 000 tons of nuts this year from 500 tons in 2015.	EFK	Katz	0
 In the winter of 2008, shortly after the election of Barack Obama, my fiancee and I stopped into a local gun shop in Austin to buy ammunition for target practice, a hobby we enjoyed once or twice a month.	Barack Obama	Austin	0
The Los Angeles Police Department is conducting forensic tests on a knife reportedly found on O. J. Simpson’s former property for possible ties to the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman, police officials said Friday.	O. J. Simpson’s	Nicole Brown Simpson	0
But if Manent does not hold anyone up to blame, the results of the process he describes remain in his view highly blameworthy: an accelerating breakdown of national life, as numbers of French citizens reject both the law of the state and the norms of society.	Manent	French	0
Three months later, Islamic State affiliated jihadists attacked an upscale bakery in the nation’s capital, Dhaka, killing 22 people and injuring another 40 in an extended hostage situation. 	Islamic State	Dhaka	0
The Guardian is pouring doubt on the ISIS claim of responsibility for #Berlin until it sees ”proof”.	Guardian	ISIS	0
But the Texas Municipal League, which provides support services and lobbies on behalf of cities, is pushing for legislative action that reverses Abbott’s decision.	the Texas Municipal League	Abbott	0
America Movils results, which followed its biggest loss in 15 years in the fourth quarter, were helped by the Mexican pesos recent rally.	America Movils	Mexican	2
But Israeli Cabinet ministers rejected Kerrys proposal for a cease-fire, according to Israeli media accounts.	Israeli	Kerrys	3
"and I've followed his work, I can say with confidence that the Journal's assertion that Howey is ""a slick marketer"" -- or at least the implication that this played any significant role in his success -- is utter bunk, and I think he'd be the first to admit that."	Journal	Howey	1
Jogi' was seen as the tactical genius behind the scenes as Germany thrilled their fans with a new brand of attacking football.	Jogi	Germany	0
The Saudis, of course, blame the Iranians, arguing they refused to sign the agreement both sides had reached over this year’s hajj: 	Saudis	Iranians	3
Turkish authorities blame the attempt on the U. S. cleric, who has denied involvement.	Turkish	U. S.	3
While many of Trump's cabinet picks have come under fire for their respectability, Mattis is incredibly well-respected in the military.	Trump	Mattis	1
The Jaguars (2-12) got the ball back twice, but they failed on a fourth-down conversion the first time and Blake Bortles was intercepted the second time.	Jaguars	Blake Bortles	0
Paul George’s camp has informed the Pacers that the intends to leave in the summer of 2018 when he becomes a free agent, sources told AP on Sunday night.	Paul George’s	Pacers	0
Kenneth Bae, a missionary who spent 19 months in prison for evangelizing, was released in 2014 after former NBA star and pal of Kim Dennis Rodman took up his cause.	Kenneth Bae	Kim Dennis Rodman	2
Clinton has said she did not send or receive any information that was marked as classified and has accused the State Department and other government agencies of ” ” her emails after a judge ordered them released to the public.	Clinton	the State Department	3
The Utah state legislature has passed a joint resolution calling for a return to federalism in general, and, in particular, the end of the federal Education Department.	Utah	Education Department	0
Democrats and the White House have been pushing since February for the Republican majorities in Congress to approve $1. 9 billion in emergency financing to fight Zika, which can cause brain damage and other serious defects in infants born to infected mothers.	Democrats	Republican	0
I think if we start building momentum, this is something we can do.Immigration reform became a front-burner issue following the general election in November, when Hispanic support figured in President Barack Obamas re-election.	Hispanic	President Barack Obamas	1
Thanks to the peaceful outcome of the courthouse protest, Ukraine avoided a major political crisis, says political scientist Volodymyr Fesenko.	Ukraine	Volodymyr Fesenko	2
The SEC had said that Monsanto lacked sufficient internal controls to account for millions of dollars in rebates that it offered to retailers and distributors.	SEC	Monsanto	3
And although the Sanders plan does not include institutional support for private HBCUs, it arguably does as much as Clinton’s to support their students while also proposing education for the vast majority of black students — at public HBCUs (73 percent) and predominately white institutions (66 percent).	Sanders	Clinton	0
 Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder apologized to the residents of Flint for a water crisis that has prompted outrage, federal scrutiny and lawsuits, vowing to seek assistance for the city’s residents.	Michigan	Rick Snyder	0
Donald J. Trump wielded his presidential candidacy on Friday as a weapon for savaging detractors and venting personal grievances, attacking the women who have accused him of sexual assault and unwelcome advances and railing against what he described as a vast conspiracy against him by the news media and Hillary Clinton’s campaign.	Donald J. Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
The two senior Apple executives said the company had worked hard to help investigators and tried multiple avenues including sending engineers with FBI agents to a WiFi network that would recognize the phone and begin an automatic backup if that had been enabled. 	Apple	FBI	1
” On Tuesday, Trump again declined to answer a question about what action he would take to address the threats to Jewish organizations.	Trump	Jewish	0
Dozens of women have accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault, but only one of them, Andrea Constand, might send him to prison with the power of her testimony.	Bill Cosby	Andrea Constand	0
General Motors, Ford, Honda and Fiat Chrysler all saw their sales go down in September.	General Motors	Ford	0
The Hannity right, without evidence, accused Rich rather than the Russians of leaking damaging DNC emails.	Hannity	Rich	3
The talks on the EU trade deal were started by Canadas Conservative government in 2009.	EU	Canadas Conservative	2
Blood Father is a better return of Mad Max than last year’s Mad Max: Fury Road, because Mel Gibson, the original roustabout, comes back on a motorbike trailblazing a vision of himself and of America’s generational relations.	Mel Gibson	America	0
Ms. Umar was arrested in Turkey while on holiday, after criticising the Turkish government’s clampdown on dissenting voices and criticism from the press in an article.	Umar	Turkish	3
Top Clinton campaign staffers have accused Comey of breaking with department guidelines for informing the public about ongoing investigations, describing his actions as an attempt to influence the results of the presidential election.	Clinton	Comey	3
Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) is asking the White House to appoint a “Zika czar.	Senator Chuck Schumer	the White House	0
That subordinate, Deputy Assistant Administrator Joseph Salvator, recommended that Hoggan receive bonuses.	Joseph Salvator	Hoggan	1
Last summer, King was criticized for having a Confederate flag on his office desk 	King	Confederate	0
· Elliott Gray — Baltimore, MD Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base, and aiding and abetting;	Elliott Gray	Baltimore	0
Ted Cruz has one of the most overtly religious stump speeches on the Iowa campaign trail.	Ted Cruz	Iowa	0
Writing about climate change in the New York Times, Ross Douthat describes “lukewarmers” as those who: accept that the earth is warming and that our civilization’s ample CO2 emissions are a major cause.	the New York Times	Ross Douthat	0
Maybe if Garcia Torres was thrown into the general jail population, that would bring answers very quickly, said Marc Klaas, who has been a key part of the search for Sierra and whose daughter, Polly, was kidnapped and killed nearly 20 years ago.How cruel, Klaas said.	Garcia Torres	Marc Klaas	4
Say this for the Chicago Bears: they lose with a consistent style seen nowhere else in the NFL.	the Chicago Bears	NFL	0
As to the official response to Obama's appeal, while his own election campaign benefited hugely from its effective internet strategy, this is unlikely to impress a Chinese leadership whose risks of facing popular election, to put it mildly, are remote.	Obama	Chinese	4
National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster shrugged off reports that presidential with Russia.	H. R. McMaster	Russia	0
The more than 71, 000 fans at Super Bowl LI didn’t let Jerry Jones celebrate his induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame for long.	Jerry Jones	the Pro Football Hall of Fame	0
OSHA investigators found that Tysons supervisors had repeatedly failed to inspect the faulty chain.	OSHA	Tysons	3
Moscows first reaction to Tusks criticism was cautious.	Moscows	Tusks	4
Most people don’t realize this yet, but if a Democrat gets the keys to the White House next year it’s game over for the US economy.	Democrat	the White House	0
Trump also accused Mexico of sending criminals and rapists into the United States and vowed to build a border wall to combat illegal immigration.	Trump	Mexico	3
 For weeks before a deadly school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tennessee, students, a parent, and the school	Chattanooga	Tennessee	0
Vanessa Lourenço, the designer, said she had started creating them to give Muslim women a chance to participate in the same activities as the rest of the community.	Vanessa Lourenço	Muslim	0
 As mellow and seductive as a Marvin Gaye love song, Austin Fausett’s ode to the “knoblauchsuppe” he learned to make in Austria hits your nostrils several seconds before it arrives at your table.	Marvin Gaye	Austin Fausett’s	0
Above all of that, Clinton has just accused the GOP nominee of treason because he says things she dislikes.	Clinton	GOP	3
But Priebus told Reuters that his staunch support for Trump was based on the fact that Trump won more Republican votes than any previous nominee, 14.5 million.These are the same people who say the party is irrelevant and in the next breath they say that the party ought to singlehandedly nullify the wishes of 14.5 million people, he said.	Priebus	Trump	1
In her tweets Mensch is unsparing when it comes to making allegations, and she has repeatedly denounced some figures in the Trump circle as traitors.	Mensch	Trump	3
Alongside their educational mission and the welfare of students and faculty, many U. S. institutions of higher learning have significant revenue at stake if the United States becomes less welcoming to international students.	U. S.	the United States	0
But Anonymous said they cannot do much more as Daesh websites are receiving higher protection and new ones are emerging every day.	Anonymous	Daesh	0
Democrats have questioned Republicans’ motives and accused them of squandering taxpayer dollars with lengthy investigations that have failed to uncover illegal activities.	Democrats	Republicans	3
The Highlanders won 26-20, but it was Williams' decision to cover over the BNZ logo that caused a stir on social media rather than the result.	Highlanders	Williams	0
The euro edged up, helped by a rise in European shares, while the dollar weakened on speculation that the Federal Reserve may show some indication this week about the need to take additional measures to support an ailing economy.	European	the Federal Reserve	0
, Josh Marshall is editor and publisher of TalkingPointsMemo. com.	Josh Marshall	TalkingPointsMemo	0
The Saudis (and many others) feared that as a result, Iran would be able to spend even more money in support of those armed groups, which it uses to spread its influence in the region. 	Saudis	Iran	3
Switzerland's controversial referendum decision to ban the construction of new minarets for Swiss mosques has caused varying degrees of concern in the Arab world, and attracted a wide ranging debate about the reasons behind the decision.	Swiss	Arab	4
The FBI would know that a Trump transition official was going in and out of the embassy, which would cause “a great deal” of concern, he added.	FBI	Trump	0
Its statement about the Berlin attack used the words “Germany” or “	Berlin	Germany	0
But in a 1994 Newark story, Christie is quoted saying, “I support Planned Parenthood privately with my personal contribution, and that should be the goal of any such agency, to find private donations.	Christie	Planned Parenthood	1
Mr. Pearlman was never prosecuted for any sex crimes, and in a 2014 jailhouse interview with Billboard magazine he denied that he had committed any.	Pearlman	Billboard	0
Now Sessions could be responsible for implementing many of the Trump policies that his opponents find most problematic 	Sessions	Trump	0
Trump has repeatedly blasted China on the campaign trail, accusing it of currency manipulation and criticizing the Obama administration for not being “tough enough” in dealing with the country.	Trump	Obama	3
SOAPBOX IN CORONATION STREET, Kate is at the forefront of Ranas mind on her wedding day and her behaviour starts to arouse suspicions.	Kate	Ranas	2
The alleged perpetrator, a 44 year old Indian citizen who was found to be drunk by officers is to be charged by the public prosecutor, reports Kronen Zeitung.	Indian	Kronen Zeitung	0
"BBC One tonight broadcast the event  organised by armed forces charity the Royal British Legion as a ""thank you to all who served, sacrificed and changed our world"".Thousands of audience members attending held aloft photographs of those who took part in the First World War."	BBC One	the Royal British Legion	1
NCPPR is supporting President Bush's plan to partially privatize Social Security by echoing Bush's crisis rhetoric on the issue.	NCPPR	Bush	1
At the center of activity in both the Marcellus and Utica is Pennsylvania, which accounts for about 20 percent of U.S. gas production, making it bigger than any state other than Texas.	Pennsylvania	U.S.	0
A real estate mogul, Trump has supported Democratic politicians in the past.	Trump	Democratic	1
"Recently, Andrew Krepinevich Jr., one of the most respected defense intellectuals in the country, wrote an important Foreign Affairs essay on ""Strategy in a Time of Austerity."	Andrew Krepinevich Jr.	Foreign Affairs	0
But The Donald s famously unshakable confidence ”which has won him scores of evangelical Christian voters across the country ”belies his consistently dismal support among Mormons.	Christian	Mormons	0
Duterte, who took over the presidency in June, backed the dictator's burial at the cemetery, citing Marcos's privilege as a president and soldier, and taking a political risk in a country where pro-democracy advocates still celebrate Marcos's ouster each year.	Duterte	Marcos	1
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has spoken out against the “fear and distrust” caused by recent Islamist terror attacks and has called for more “love” as a means of stopping them.	Mark Zuckerberg	Islamist	0
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who was recently banned from holding public office for 15 years without cause, called for protests to fight the government’s military plan designed to silence opposition, promising that they “will not rest until Venezuela returns to constitutional order.	Henrique Capriles	Venezuela	3
LCS ships are designed with what the Navy calls ”mission modules,” which can be switched out quickly according to assigned tasks.	LCS	Navy	2
Amir and Khalil have long dreamed up projects together, but Zahra's Paradise draws on their talents as though they've been preparing for it all their lives--and through it, they answer the calling of their times.	Amir	Khalil	0
President Bush (search) on Tuesday will announce his strategy on how to prepare for the next flu pandemic  preparations expected to cost at least $6.5 billion  whether it is caused by the worrisome Asian bird flu or some other super-strain of influenza.	President Bush	Asian	3
Its already started | John Harris Read moreThe prime minister, Theresa May, has insisted	John Harris	Theresa May	0
Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas has called the knife attacks against Israelis a “justified popular uprising.	Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas	Israelis	3
 Donald Trump’s wife, Melania, issued a statement on Saturday condemning comments that her husband made about women in 2005 but said she hoped that voters would accept the apology he made overnight.	Donald Trump’s	Melania	0
Azmouns talent in the air and with the ball at his feet prompted Berdyev to take him to Rostov and he played there for two seasons, while attracting the attention of clubs from some of Europes biggest leagues.	Azmouns	Berdyev	2
Ted Cruz is already anticipating this outcome, and has been working hard to stock delegate lists with supporters who would happily switch to his side in the event that Trump fails to secure a majority of delegates.	Ted Cruz	Trump	0
Hodgson also criticized Rep. Michelle DuBois ( ) who earlier this week warned illegals of a planned ICE raid in her constituency.	Hodgson	Michelle DuBois	3
I have said from the outset that I would vote for Donald Trump if he is the Republican candidate.	Donald Trump	Republican	0
 Update: On Tuesday, Alabama lawmakers took the first steps to try to impeach Bentley.	Alabama	Bentley	0
"Stage veteran Glynn Turman, who originated the role of Travis in the first Broadway production of ""A Raisin in the Sun,"" won his first Emmy with the award for best guest actor in a drama for playing the father of a psychological patient on HBO's"	Glynn Turman	Travis	0
If convicted on all charges, Ronan could get up to 18 years in prison, Ferris said.	Ronan	Ferris	4
Assistant US District Attorney Jeffery Theodore had recommended much longer sentences for all three: At least 92 months for Michael; 78 months for Greg; and 70 months for Sr.	Jeffery Theodore	Michael	3
Trump also renewed his criticism of his predecessor Barack Obama	Trump	Barack Obama	3
Donald Trump responded to a jab Marcio Rubio has made about the size of Trump’s hands a line widely interpreted to be a reference to Trump’s manhood by promising that when it comes to the size of ”something else,” he guarantees ”there is no problem.	Donald Trump	Marcio Rubio	4
Claire and Jamie call upon Jamies grandsire, Lord Lovat, in an attempt to elicit support for the Jacobite	Claire	Jamie	1
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is adamant his country will contribute to the fight against ISIS inside Iraq, suggesting it will play a role with or without Iraq’s invitation. 	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan	ISIS	3
Clinton did not call out the to save the GOP from it, but to condemn it by association.	Clinton	GOP	0
Clinton supporters have not been harassing me the way Sanders supporters have.	Clinton	Sanders	0
Preventing Israel from being exterminated, that might be something that motivates people to join ISIS. ” 	Israel	ISIS	0
Clearly, Russia has been doing what it can to disrupt and generally cause chaos within the U. S. political system.	Russia	U. S.	3
Whatever the truth, what matters is that Cora blames Robert for their daughter's death, and that kind of resentment can kill a marriage.	Cora	Robert	3
Mike Pence hopes to make a bigger mark than the last Republican from Indiana to run for .	Mike Pence	Republican	0
On the Wrong Track: In a political climate, Democrats must find a new identity, argues Lisa Boothe, but it looks like the party is set to repeat some of the same mistakes of the past eight years.	Democrats	Lisa Boothe	0
The prosecutor in the Stanford sexual assault case is pushing to make prison a mandatory punishment for people who attack unconscious victims, proposing legislation inspired by the global outrage at the light sentencing of former student Brock Turner.	Stanford	Brock Turner	0
The Congressional Budget Office hasn’t yet ”scored” the plan, and won’t by the time the House starts work on the measure.	The Congressional Budget Office	House	0
According to the complaint, Phillip had previously told Bordini that he always kept a loaded gun in his car.	Phillip	Bordini	0
The Guardian revealed last month that the privatised service, to which the Cornwall NHS primary care trust outsources, had received an unannounced inspection from the regulator.	Guardian	Cornwall NHS	0
As President Donald Trump plans a slew of policies that could dismantle key parts of Barack Obama	Donald Trump	Barack Obama	0
That family, the Freemans, lands at a large gated pile called the Toneybee Institute and is much too warmly welcomed.	Freemans	the Toneybee Institute	0
McConnell has embraced Trump as the GOP’s presidential pick, fully endorsing him last week.	McConnell	Trump	1
A White House statement released Friday praised Mr. Sisi for waging a vigorous war against terrorists and making efforts to strengthen Egypt’s economy, while making no mention of his crackdown on domestic opponents.	White House	Sisi	1
Isis has not claimed responsibility for the attack, suggesting to some analysts that the group is uncertain of Sahrawis allegiance.	Isis	Sahrawis	0
More recently, Hugo Chavez moved Venezuela half an hour off the rest of the worlds time zones in 2007, but initially provoked widespread confusion as to whether he was moving the clocks forward or backward.	Hugo Chavez	Venezuela	0
A group of Trump supporters is expected to ” explains Simone Alicea of member station KNKX, in addition to the ” and groups who are likely to demonstrate.	Trump	Simone Alicea	0
"As a law-abiding Israeli citizen, I accept my country's laws which allow me to build my home here,"" says Yossi."	Israeli	Yossi	2
Whether it was the guerrilla strategy of Afghan mujahedeen or the next operation by the Federal Reserve Board, the members of the group always seemed to have just gotten off the phone with the guy in charge,” Eric Alterman charged in his 2000 book, “Sound and Fury:	Afghan	Eric Alterman	0
The NHTSA is itself under fire for allegedly failing to adequately review consumer complaints about Toyota and other cars, but it is the beleaguered Japanese carmaker that remains in the spotlight for now.	NHTSA	Toyota	3
Polygamy is “commonplace” within Muslim communities in Britain, with husbands fathering as many as 20 children by four wives, a Peer has said.	Muslim	Britain	0
A Chinese company called Boyalife Genomics is planning to open a factory the size of three football fields in Tianjin this year, and what they’ll be manufacturing is … cows. 	Chinese	Boyalife Genomics	0
A consultancy company linked to the Clintons is trying to silence a former employee, suing GOP strategist Ed Rollins for $10 million for talking about the inner workings of the controversial corporations.	Clintons	Ed Rollins	0
The British government points out that the EU and US account for almost a third of global trade, and 14m jobs on both sides of the Atlantic depend on transatlantic trade.	British	EU	1
African American Democrats thundered against Donald Trump’s appeal to their communities, condemning the candidate as a racist, sexist, bigot who didn’t care about black people 	African American Democrats	Donald Trump’s	0
A majority of the illegal aliens the Department of Homeland Security attempted to remove from the United States so far this fiscal year have been shielded from deportation by immigration judges.	the Department of Homeland Security	the United States	0
What’s more, beyond Trump’s personal failings, there’s genuinely little reason to believe that the GOP’s current legislative struggles have anything to do with the White House.	Trump	GOP	0
Mrs. Clinton cannot be indicted on plain evidence, but Perry was indicted on felony charges for 	Clinton	Perry	0
In her letter, Walker also noted that she is not the first woman to accuse Roberts of sexual assault.	Walker	Roberts	3
Rubio didn’t just blame Trump, though.	Rubio	Trump	3
’’ ”GM’s CEO Mary Barra has made huge moves during her tenure to transform the traditional automaker into a tech company.	GM	Mary Barra	0
Free speech won a victory in Texas on Tuesday when a judge dismissed a defamation lawsuit by Mohamed Mohamed, father of the “Clock Boy,” Ahmed Mohamed, against me, my employer 	Mohamed Mohamed	Ahmed Mohamed	0
The piece basically accused Romney of being a corporate raider and charged his industry with creating basically no value in the American economy.	Romney	American	0
Romney's visit had some good moments for the presumptive GOP nominee, including high praise from the right-wing Netanyahu and a lucrative fundraiser, but it didn't exactly lead to the outpouring of good public relations he was hoping for.	Romney	Netanyahu	2
First, there was The Da Vinci Code, the 2006 blockbuster based on the novel by Dan Brown, directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks in a mullet so bizarre and improbable that it seemed to have floated in from another dimension.	Dan Brown	Ron Howard	0
The European Union took the unprecedented step today of censuring Poland for overhauling its justice system.	The European Union	Poland	3
Lin, a close confidant of the president who retains her trust, could become the next central bank governor when current governor Perng Fai-nan retires next year.	Lin	Perng Fai-nan	0
— is that in many ways the international Chinese investment journey is probably just starting,” says Charles Pittar, chief executive of Juwai.	Chinese	Charles Pittar	0
What I believe and what we believe is that every single American needs access to the kind of coverage that they want for themselves,” answered Price, suggesting that he supports gutting the Essential Health Benefits rule in favor of a system where people choose health coverage à la carte based on their individual needs. 	American	Price	0
Theresa May is expected to use the most important speech of her premiership to confirm that Britain will be leaving the single market while insisting that it wants to remain “the best friend” to European partners.	Theresa May	European	0
As the author wrote in his previously mentioned piece when describing why France retains nearly 1,000 troops in this tiny country, Paris is able to keep troops on standby for snap-response deployment to Central African hotspots such as the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	France	Paris	0
Watch out Google and Facebook, Amazon is coming to eat your advertising.	Google	Facebook	0
The Mets are interested in signing free agent Yoenis Cespedes to a new deal sooner rather than later, and the outfielder’s camp also would like to hammer out a deal 	Mets	Yoenis Cespedes	0
When it comes to business, Corcoran clearly respects the Republican presidential candidate.	Corcoran	Republican	1
 At Monday night’s presidential debate, by our count, Donald Trump interrupted Hillary Clinton 25 times in the first 26 minutes of the debate. 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
The West Wing sweepstakes has provoked a weekslong roiling debate within Mr. Trump’s circle over who should fill prime posts.	West Wing	Trump	0
We don’t believe in replacing a failed Washington DC healthcare plan with our own healthcare plan,” said Alexander, saying he wanted “more state control” and to reduce “harmful taxes”.	Washington DC	Alexander	0
The Turkish government blamed the PKK.	Turkish	PKK	3
Trump has criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, saying some U. S. allies have not met their defense commitments.	Trump	the North Atlantic Treaty Organization	3
The Stanford study found that armed with one phone number to start from, the NSA program would initially have given analysts access to telephone metadata for tens of millions of people.	Stanford	NSA	0
But President Barack Obama didn’t attend a unity march in Paris on Sunday, days after the deadly attack on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo.	President Barack Obama	Charlie Hebdo	0
Hillary Clinton’s campaign accused the campaign of her opponent, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) of playing “political games” by failing to hammer down a date for a debate ahead of New York’s April 19 primary.	Hillary Clinton’s	Bernie Sanders	3
The Council acknowledged the sacrifices of MINUSMAs troops and condemned all attacks against its peacekeepers.	Council Council	MINUSMAs	1
His firm has invested in eight such startups, including a Bethesda, Maryland-based company started last year by another former Obama administration official, Farzad Mostashari.	Obama	Farzad Mostashari	0
 President Obama on Saturday praised the contributions of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and mourned his death over the weekend but said he intends to fulfil his “constitutional responsibility” to appoint a replacement.	Obama	Antonin Scalia	1
On Wednesday, Global Times, a but provocative tabloid, released an editorial, warning North Korea to ”avoid making mistakes at this time.	Global Times	North Korea	3
” ’ ISIS often issues calls for Westerners to launch attacks in their home countries, and in its online publications the group has included tips for picking weapons and targets.	ISIS	Westerners	0
Mr. Trump’s transition team had labeled the plagiarism reports “a politically motivated attack” and defended Ms. Crowley’s ability to serve.	Trump	Crowley	1
Hamas has built a sophisticated network of tunnels that it has used to penetrate Israel to carry out attacks on civilians and soldiers.	Hamas	Israel	3
Starmer stressed in his speech that Labour must try to focus on the discontent that sparked the Brexit vote, as well as the details of the deal.Brexit has divided this country, he said.	Starmer	Labour	0
 Two South Carolina shootings that rocked the country last year and raised questions about race in America are now headed for trial, putting the historic city of Charleston on edge as the community awaits the testimony and juries’ decisions.	South Carolina	America	0
Former Assistant U. S. Attorney Reed Brodsky, who prosecuted the case, said Dowd put on a strong defense in the face of overwhelming evidence.	Reed Brodsky	Dowd	3
In the incident that prompted Washington to release the video, cellphone footage captured a white Fort Worth officer last week wrestling a black woman to the ground and then arresting her and her two daughters.	Washington	Fort Worth	0
When not tackling Mr. Trump on trade, the chamber is throwing its considerable political muscle and money behind Republican candidates in critical congressional races who share its ideology on free trade.	Trump	Republican	0
As a result, Drake was fired, arrested at his home by armed FBI agents and charged with crimes that could have sent him to prison for life.	Drake	FBI	4
Though Murphy pitches his legislation as an effort to stem the flow of gun violence, at its heart the bill is a substantive revamp of America’s mental health system.	Murphy	America	0
That voters would be supporting Democrats in 2006 with the specific expectation of reform hardly seems to register with many of the party's Washington insiders.	Democrats	Washington	0
Unfortunately, instead of demonstrating the independence she claims, Kelly Ayotte is still supporting Trump.	Kelly Ayotte	Trump	1
In his original string of tweets, Trump specifically claimed: ”President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”	Trump	Obama	3
And on Monday, Collins confirmed she was equally out of reach despite the fact that the revised bill offered Maine significantly more money than the original version.	Collins	Maine	1
Republicans have long wanted to turn Medicaid into a block grant program, with each state receiving a fixed dollar amount and more freedom to structure the program to its liking, and many estimates believe that would also lead to reduced coverage.	Republicans	Medicaid	0
A Time Warner Cable spokesman then added that the cable company is willing to pay more for the same rights it had in a previous agreement and that CBS is countering by taking some of those rights away and charging more and we dont think its right for customers to pay more while getting	Time Warner Cable	CBS	4
Bruce Jenner chimed in on 2016 presidential politics in a recent interview, telling Stat magazine that Donald Trump could be “better” on women’s issues than any current Democratic candidate.	Bruce Jenner	Donald Trump	1
"He'll have no problem surviving Trumps nasty temper tantrums.""Over the past several months, Warren has emerged as one of the most outspoken Trump critics."	Trumps	Warren	4
Moglia added that the average size of accounts being transferred to TD Ameritrade from E*Trade was $250,000.E*Trade, which is due to give details of its turnaround plan when it posts quarterly earnings on January 24, declined to comment on TD Ameritrades comments.	Moglia	TD Ameritrade	0
Take these grafs from a piece today: In a new television ad and in remarks delivered across the critical battleground state of Ohio, Romney accused Obama of raiding $716 billion from Medicare to pay for his health-care overhaul.	Romney	Obama	3
This spring, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D. C. will host a event by a business group.	the Trump International Hotel	Washington	0
Andrew Flintoff's father says the all-rounder is furious with Duncan Fletcher for speaking out about his behaviour during the Ashes tour and has accused the former England coach of betrayal.	Andrew Flintoff's	Duncan Fletcher	3
Solomon Burke's Nothing's Impossible is the soul legend's latest, and the final album to list the late Willie Mitchell's name in the producer credits.	Solomon Burke's	Willie Mitchell's	1
If elected, Hillary Clinton would derive her powers from the American people.	Hillary Clinton	American	0
Republican leaders have accused Democrats of giving terrorism issues short shrift in Philadelphia.	Republican	Democrats	3
The Arab Sunni nations accuse Qatar of supporting radical groups, including allowing or encouraging financial support.	Arab Sunni	Qatar	3
"The Orange County Board of Supervisors voted on Tuesday to increase the size of the reward to $200,000, Supervisor Todd Spitzer said.""Make no mistake about it, this board will allocate all resources available to capture these very dangerous criminals,"" he said."	The Orange County Board of Supervisors	Todd Spitzer	2
Holder then went back to condemning Snowden by declaring that “	Holder	Snowden	3
Boehners attack line is that Obama is a constant campaigner using Air Force One as his personal campaign	Boehners	Obama	3
 Unprompted, White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Wednesday mentioned Sen. Timothy M. Kaine ( .)	Josh Earnest	Timothy M. Kaine	0
 President Obama named federal appeals judge Merrick Garland on Wednesday as his pick to succeed Antonin Scalia on the U. S. Supreme Court — setting up a showdown with Republicans who have vowed to block the choice.	Obama	Merrick Garland	0
Even some Manchester City fans told me they’re supporting Manchester United in the Europa final tonight, which is amazing considering the rivalry.	Manchester City	Manchester United	1
If social media’s purpose is to connect people, it worked for the Steelers and Bills.	Steelers	Bills	0
Trump was retaliating after Cruz escalated his attacks on the billionaire mogul, pointing out his past inconsistencies on social issues and arguing that he could not be trusted to nominate conservatives to the Supreme Court.	Trump	Cruz	3
Ben Carson’s faith, offer to pay the legal bills of those who engage in violence, fault POWs, or accuse President Bush of being a liar, you push away voters you need to get to 50 percent. 	Ben Carson’s	Bush	3
Democratic presidential candidate, Barack Obama has asked his finance team to help his former opponent Hillary Clinton pay off a debt of at least $10m (6m) from her failed presidential campaign.	Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton	1
When it comes to business, Corcoran clearly respects the Republican presidential candidate.	Corcoran	Republican	1
Kelley himself was shot twice by another man, Stephen Willeford, who lived nearby and confronted the assailant with his own rifle when the gunman emerged from the church.	Kelley	Stephen Willeford	3
Romney sharply criticized Trump during the presidential campaign but he offered praise after their dinner.	Romney	Trump	3
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( .) said Trump should fire Spicer, accusing him of “downplaying the horror of the Holocaust.	Nancy Pelosi	Trump	3
At the end of his remarks, Epstein pointedly thanked Obama for his “tremendous presidency” and for “the dignity and integrity with which you’ve served the country the past eight years.	Epstein	Obama	1
Harley Exsted, another mall patron, told The St. Cloud Times,	Harley Exsted	The St. Cloud Times	0
Last month, the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission also charged Chief Justice Roy Moore with six counts of violating judicial ethics.	the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission	Roy Moore	3
Embattled singer Chris Brown chose to sit during the singing of the nation anthem on Sunday, September 11, at the 5th Annual Power 106 Celebrity Basketball Game in Los Angeles.	Chris Brown	Los Angeles	0
In his speech in Saudi Arabia, President Trump to unite “in pursuing the one goal that transcends every other consideration.	Saudi Arabia	President Trump	0
The starting guard Victor Oladipo, an exciting off-guard with great defensive instincts, already has his London plans in place.	Victor Oladipo	London	0
Zheng Jiajia, 31, decided to commit after failing to find a human spouse, his friend told Qianjiang Evening News. 	Zheng Jiajia	Qianjiang Evening News	0
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has repeatedly urged calm and restraint, although he also maintains that those who burned the Korans must be prosecuted.	Afghan President Hamid Karzai	Korans	0
30.Theyre fast and explosive, Collins said of the Rams offense.	Collins	Rams	3
Former Assistant U. S. Attorney Reed Brodsky, who prosecuted the case, said Dowd put on a strong defense in the face of overwhelming evidence.	Reed Brodsky	Dowd	3
Trump has accused Rubio of living beyond his means.	Trump	Rubio	3
Angela Merkel warned Germans should not take freedom for granted, in a speech aimed at countering a rising tide of populism on Friday night.	Angela Merkel	Germans	0
Freeport-McMoRan resumed some operations Tuesday at its Grasberg gold and copper mine in Papua province after an almost two-week shutdown caused by a tunnel collapse that killed 28 workers.	Freeport-McMoRan	Grasberg	0
(Kasich had personally telephoned each Dixville voter to ask for their support.)	Kasich	Dixville	0
Ryan on Thursday accused Democrats of trying to “play politics, which is what they typically do every other Tuesday.	Ryan	Democrats	3
Both the pro-Assad military alliance and the Lebanese army have advanced towards the Syrian-Lebanese border from their respective sides.	Lebanese	Syrian	3
Councilwoman Muriel Bowser, who chairs the committee that has oversight over local campaigns, blamed Gray for not introducing his proposal until October.	Muriel Bowser	Gray	3
A pioneering judge, who became the first Muslim woman in US history to serve on the bench, was found dead Wednesday 	Muslim woman	US	0
But counterterrorism initiatives lacked popular Pakistani support, Zardari lamented, and terrorism fostered profiteers who had an interest in the struggle continuing.4.	Pakistani	Zardari	4
Community organizers in the grassroots group last year won 25 of the 58 seats on the citys Democratic CommitteeDuring the voting today, Bombelyn supporters went to court and got a judge to issues summons for Kevin Jones, a Cahill aide, charging him with a third-degree crime of illegally processing mail-in ballots.	Kevin Jones	Cahill	1
Mueller sued Swift, claiming she cost him his job and is seeking over 2 million in damages resulting in the musician to file a counter suit, alleging sexual assault.	Mueller	Swift	3
A South African professional hunter died Friday after being crushed by an elephant after the animal was fatally shot on a game reserve in Zimbabwe.	South African	Zimbabwe	0
Syrian government forces repelled an attack by the Islamic State group on a major air base in the country	Syrian	Islamic State	0
The US military has successfully carried out its missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. 	US	North Korean	0
HONG KONG, June 6 Shares of Prada SpA fell more than 6 percent to a two-year-low on Friday after the Italian fashion house surprised investors with a drop in quarterly sales, sparking concern that the brand could be falling out of favour in key Asian markets.	Italian	Asian	0
No way will we ever support Cruz,’” said a foreign conservative operative familiar with the establishment Republican donor and activist world.	Cruz	Republican	4
The Register previously endorsed Clinton during her 2008 presidential run, saying she was distinguished by her ”readiness to lead.	Register	Clinton	1
The Times report also says Kasich’s supporters have found his “adult” manner to be “refreshing.	Times	Kasich	0
 Donald J. Trump should nominate soldier and veterans advocate Pete Hegseth as his secretary of veterans affairs.	Donald J. Trump	Pete Hegseth	0
Three European Commission staff were injured in the metro attack yesterday, Politico.	European Commission	Politico	0
LeRoy, a writer in a wig and hat, looked like a Culkin kid gone to seed.	LeRoy	Culkin	0
The husband of an Ohio schoolteacher, who was severely injured when four men dropped a rock on her car from a highway overpass, killed himself late Saturday — and the prosecutor who jailed the blames them for Randy Budd’s suicide.	Ohio	Randy Budd’s	0
’”I hereby confirm that the International Atomic Energy Agency has verified that Iran has its required commitments.	the International Atomic Energy Agency	Iran	0
The Trump campaign did not immediately response to a TPM request for comment.	Trump	TPM	0
The Justice Department also criticized BPD for firing guns at moving vehicles, which it said is “highly dangerous, ineffective, and may be constitutionally impermissible.	The Justice Department	BPD	3
"ask you intelligently and politely not to do it gave me real cause for concern, however, it galvanized me into addressing why I was doing this movie,"" Cumberbatch said in response to a user asking him whether Assange's letter affected his role in the film."	Cumberbatch	Assange	0
Over eggs and tea here on Sunday, Mr. Wallace, whose “Fox News Sunday” is experiencing its highest ratings since starting 20 years ago this week, did not hesitate to take his industry and even his network to task, saying that Mr. Trump has been granted too much exposure on cable news.	Wallace	Trump	0
As Reuters reported earlier this month based on sources, classified CIA message traffic shows that Brennan had detailed, contemporaneous knowledge of the CIAs use of enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, which induces a feeling of drowning.	Reuters	CIA	0
"(""Our research and experience lead us to believe that SAP is allocating product revenue subjectively and that this is resulting in an inflated HANA growth rate,"" he wrote.)That will make revenue for HANA grow faster, but at the expense of the growth of its more important, bread-and-butter software products."	SAP	HANA	0
Cornell, whose company has assigned investigators to focus on cargo thefts, told BuzzFeed News the thieves have demonstrated intimate knowledge of not just the nut industry, but how the product is transported across the globe.	Cornell	BuzzFeed News	0
Drew Brees will obviously start, Teddy Bridgewater will be his understudy, and Taysom Hill will go wild on special teams.	Drew Brees	Teddy Bridgewater	0
Two more women have accused stunt coordinator Joel Kramer of sexual misconduct, Deadline reported Monday.	Joel Kramer	Deadline	0
Responsible Americans should condemn Antifa rather than tolerate them.	Americans	Antifa	0
In all, 22% of American adults are gun owners, according to a new survey of gun ownership produced by researchers from Harvard and Northeastern universities. 	American	Harvard	0
As Caplan's graph of Gallup's results shows, majorities came to oppose handgun bans during this period.	Caplan	Gallup	0
One of Hisham's acquaintances, for example, works as an accountant for ISIS' drinking-water department and earns $100 per month.	Hisham	ISIS	0
Haywood was also charged with aggravated mayhem and assault with a deadly weapon, according to the LA County District Attorney's Office.	Haywood	the LA County District Attorney's Office	0
Since the attacks on Planned Parenthood are not about abortion but about stripping the organization of money to provide contraception and STI services, this soft stance toward the condom-users and pill-takers has not endeared Trump to Christian right voters.	Trump	Christian	0
The CBO’s deficit analysis is derived from the same modeling that determines coverage levels, and thus, how much the government would be spending on tax credits for those on the nongroup market and other costs of the GOP legislation.	CBO	GOP	0
In the 2016 election, U. S. intelligence officials charged that Russia had interfered.	U. S.	Russia	3
His rivals on the Spanish right, the Ciudadanos party, won 36 seats  a result that would have been unthinkable a few years ago.	Spanish	Ciudadanos	0
” Sunni Mosul had accused the Shi’ 	Sunni Mosul	Shi	3
Another neighbor, Geoff Morgan, said he heard Perivoitos shouting during the attack, screaming “	Geoff Morgan	Perivoitos	0
Rights group Amnesty International has said it had received credible evidence of detainees being subjected to beatings and torture, including rape, since the coup attempt accusations roundly rejected by Turkish officials and the justice ministry.	Amnesty International	Turkish	3
The Los Angeles Rams have fired coach Jeff Fisher after nearly five losing seasons leading the franchise.	The Los Angeles Rams	Jeff Fisher	3
” Mr. Stephens, as only he can do, quickly aggregated this assertion, which, as he writes, Trump has made often, into the sequence of divinations that starts with the impossibility of taking the oil other than by “massively garrisoning the Middle East,” the region where the candidate has repeatedly said we should avoid involvement.	Stephens	Trump	0
 Just two months ago, Ted Cruz suggested that if he endorsed Donald Trump, he would be ”a servile puppy dog.” 	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	0
Obviously no one told eminent Scottish poet William McGonagall, author of the Tay Bridge Disaster and those immortal lines: your central girders would not have given way, At least many sensible men do say, Had they been supported on each side with buttresses, At least many sensible men confesses.	Scottish	William McGonagall	0
As President Donald Trump plans a slew of policies that could dismantle key parts of Barack Obama	Donald Trump	Barack Obama	0
In one of her most candid speaking appearances since losing the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton harshly criticized Russia for interfering with the race, and said misogyny was a factor that contributed to her loss.	Hillary Clinton	Russia	3
 The Chinese government appears to be abiding by its September pledge to stop supporting the hacking of American trade secrets to help companies there compete, private U. S. security executives and government advisors said on Monday.	Chinese	American	0
A New York News poll published last week found he enjoys support among 44 percent of likely voters, a shade behind the 46 percent backing Mrs. Clinton.	New York News	Clinton	0
These journalists were killed and many others were injured while Israeli forces attacked Gaza from land, air and sea  and in some cases press workers appear to have been deliberately targeted.	Israeli	Gaza	3
Like many US manufacturing giants, Ford has been criticized by Donald Trump for sending manufacturing work overseas.	Ford	Donald Trump	4
"I have no more respect for him,"" said Ortiz, who was one of the Boston players to get hit."	Ortiz	Boston	0
A Swedish woman has accused the Mail Online of falsely representing her as the victim of a sexual assault in an article about sex attacks allegedly perpetrated by “foreign youths” at a music festival.	Swedish woman	the Mail Online	3
 Within a short walk from the social housing block in west London where 17 people and perhaps many more died in a devastating fire are some of Britain’s wealthiest streets, lined with elegant, townhouses.	London	Britain	0
And despite only actually knowing the answer to one question, the Fiver fluked five out of 10 in this quiz about Bulgarian football.	Fiver	Bulgarian	0
But if Manent does not hold anyone up to blame, the results of the process he describes remain in his view highly blameworthy: an accelerating breakdown of national life, as numbers of French citizens reject both the law of the state and the norms of society.	Manent	French	0
U.S. dairies had accused Canada of using Class 7 to undercut global skim milk prices and curtail their exports.	U.S.	Canada	3
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) President Barack Obama in Kenya on Saturday cracked a joke about the most famous conspiracy theory that has dogged him since he became .	CNN	President Barack Obama	0
Trump wasn’t describing what would happen if existing norms were followed and a prosecutor independently decided to charge Clinton with a crime, took her to court, and won the case.	Trump	Clinton	3
Given the similarities between Portuguese bonds and some emerging market debt - they are high-yielding and junk-rated - some analysts see Lisbon as a prime candidate for contagion from emerging markets - though even there the risks look contained.	Portuguese	Lisbon	0
Jesse Jackson now formally endorses Clinton.	Jesse Jackson	Clinton	1
Despite a career of failed arguments and predictions that never came true, Ehrlich won a MacArthur Foundation genius grant and is still treated as a venerated, knowledgeable figure on the subject of population.	Ehrlich	MacArthur Foundation	2
SONGS of Praise star Aled Jones is to be allowed back on air by the BBC star after facing a claim of sexual harassment.	Aled Jones	BBC	1
Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido said some of those responsible had already been identified.	Spanish	Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido	0
"He holds the ball,"" Chaudruc said afterward, adding that Christie never answered his question."	Chaudruc	Christie	0
Oddly, in early January, Senator Charles Schumer had essentially warned Trump that he would pay for his criticism of career intelligence officials.	Charles Schumer	Trump	3
Huffman further seemed to imply Trump supporters across the country were attempting to normalise bigotry.	Huffman	Trump	3
Chris Chiozza had 14 points and 11 rebounds, and Deaundrae Ballard contributed 13 points.	Chris Chiozza	Deaundrae Ballard	0
"time.""Russo, for his part, has traveled all over the country meeting with congressional GOP candidates to get a feel for whom the Tea Party Express will endorse."	GOP	the Tea Party Express	1
While some of his stands on trade, immigration (without the incendiary rhetoric) infrastructure spending and burden sharing by American allies go back decades, his opposition to abortion or to mandated universal health insurance appear to have been adopted in order to win the Republican nomination. 	American	Republican	0
 North Carolina lawmakers have called a special session of the state legislature for Wednesday to block a Charlotte ordinance supported by gay and transgender groups.	North Carolina	Charlotte	3
"Dame Jo Williams, the commission's chairman, said that TCN had not only ignored ""explicit warnings"" about diamorphine, but ""it failed to address deep-rooted problems across its entire out-of-hours service"".She said that ""the lessons of its failure must resonate across the health service."	Dame Jo Williams	TCN	3
(Removes paragraph with incorrect reference to CEO start date)Oct 16 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned beauty products company Avon Products Inc to stop advertising its Anew range of skin care products using language that makes them sound like drugs.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration Administration	Avon Products Inc	3
Hillary Clinton took thinly veiled shots at President Trump as she referenced “impeachment” in a commencement speech to graduates of her alma mater, Wellesley College on Friday.	Hillary Clinton	Trump	0
The study, Kopp explained by email, found that the Pinatubo eruption would have caused seas to fall “just before the start of the altimetry record, the recovery from which was spread out of the remainder of the 1990s and therefore masked some of the acceleration that would otherwise have been seen in the record between the 1990s and the 2000s.	Kopp	Pinatubo	3
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton held a 25 point lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in a national poll released Sunday.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
But Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the state Republican Party, called the protestors “nuts” and demanded they denounce Hunt	Dallas Woodhouse	Hunt	3
The indictments are the latest twist in a dispute that began in after Mye Brindle resigned following more than a decade as housekeeper and then personal assistant for Joe Rogers Jr. head of the Norcross, Ga. restaurant chain.	Mye Brindle	Joe Rogers Jr.	3
Macron, a former investment banker, came under criticism for private donations made to his campaign when Hamon suggested he could fall under the influence of lobbies in the pharmaceutical, banking or oil industry. 	Macron	Hamon	4
In any case, such a the Norway model, is strongly opposed by British advocates of withdrawing from the bloc, in the name of controlling immigration.	Norway	British	4
Kelly later said her messages contained ”sarcasm and humor,” and she said that a day before sending the email, she had told Christie about traffic problems resulting from a study.	Kelly	Christie	0
President Obama could end his presidency with a crisis in Iraq of his own making. 	President Obama	Iraq	0
Tottenham's Harry Kane applauds fans as he walks off to be substituted after sustaining an injury REUTERS/Eddie Keogh/Files	Harry Kane	Eddie Keogh	0
In other developments, the U.N. Security Council will meet privately at 3 p.m. ET Monday to discuss Libyas accusations about the international military intervention.	the U.N. Security Council Council	Libyas	3
"India's national auditor in 2011 accused the Delhi government of wasteful spending of at least $29 million during its ""ill-conceived and ill-planned"" programme to beautify the city before the Games."	India	Delhi	3
Following the attack, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called on “the international community, especially the Western countries including their administrations, parliaments, media organs and civil societies, to take a firm stand against terrorism.	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan	Western	0
Kasich will be announcing suspension of his campaign at same spot as Schwarznegger endorsement was in Columbus, OH. pic.	Kasich	Schwarznegger	0
Donald Trump’s supporters often chanted ”lock her up” when he discussed his opponent, Hillary Clinton, at campaign rallies.	Donald Trump’s	Hillary Clinton	0
Mr. Preibus, for one, praised Mr. Trump late Tuesday, saying his speech that night amid the uproar over the judge was “exactly the right approach and perfectly delivered.	Preibus	Trump	1
 NASA’s Cassini spacecraft sent the images of Saturn on Thursday after surviving its first plunge inside the planet’s rings, the U. S. space agency said.	NASA	U. S.	0
So shortly after 2 a.m., campaign chairman John Podesta traveled the short distance from Clintons hotel and addressed the hundreds of remaining supporters, alone.	John Podesta	Clintons	0
"Then the insurgents started shooting.""They were ambushed by people firing shotguns and M16 rifles,"" Sailom told Reuters."	Sailom	Reuters	0
French oil company Total said it would buy some 200, 000 barrels of Iranian crude from the OPEC producer. 	French	Iranian	0
 One of the biggest differences in the way I experience the 2016 Democratic primary compared with the 2008 or 2004 version is through the rise of Twitter. 	Democratic	Twitter	0
Although some might hope that fallout from a surgical strike would be limited, a U. S. attack could provoke retaliation that triggers a second Korean War or the collapse of the Kim regime.	U. S.	Kim	0
"PETA is calling on the NIH to end these specific experiments immediately.""In light of the tremendous physical and psychological harm done to primates used in these NIH experiments and the absence of any gains made as a result, it would seem to be amply clear that these experiments simply cannot be justified,"" Chandna said."	PETA	NIH	3
 One side effect of the agitation over an imminent Donald Trump nomination is the emergence of a litmus test for prominent Republicans.	Donald Trump	Republicans	0
 Donald Trump is expected to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan .	Donald Trump	Paul Ryan	1
Holder then went back to condemning Snowden by declaring that “	Holder	Snowden	3
Transocean must also implement court-enforceable measures to improve safety and emergency response on U.S. rigs.From	Transocean	U.S.	0
Volvo Connected Bicycle Helmet Three Swedish companies  Volvo, Ericsson, and POC  jointly developed this bicycling safety warning system, a welcome development given the 50,000 cyclists who are injured or killed each year in the United States.	Volvo	Swedish	0
But over time, Democrats and independents started growing less supportive of the use of spanking, while Republicans continued to support it strongly. 	Democrats	Republicans	0
While Arizona had passed first-of-its kind legislation against illegal immigration when the uproar started over that state, Florida is hardly unique.	Arizona	Florida	0
The Goldbergs were originally slated to host a fundraiser with Obama at their enormous condo in Chevy Chase, Maryland, in May.	Goldbergs	Obama	0
 A fall in oil prices knocked Wall Street stocks down a peg after touching record highs on Tuesday with European equities and global bond yields rising on bolstered investor sentiment thanks to historically low U. S. equity volatility, the French presidential election result and solid corporate earnings.	European	French	0
Former U. N. ambassador and American Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily to review the vice presidential debate from a national security perspective.	John Bolton	Alex Marlow	0
Lara Giddings, the Tasmanian premier, said the state government had accepted all the recommendations in principle and would be fast-tracking 31 of them.	Lara Giddings	Tasmanian	0
As much ill will as the announcement has stirred among Raiders players and fans, Sin City appears ready to welcome its first NFL team with open arms and in the way it knows best.	Raiders	NFL	0
Ben Scrivens made 38 saves through overtime and stopped six of the first seven skaters he faced in the shootout before failing to deny Joe Thornton's backhander in the eighth round.	Ben Scrivens	Joe Thornton's	0
Bahrain accuses Iran of fanning unrest and supporting militants involved in armed attacks in the island kingdom.	Bahrain	Iran	3
 President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton’s political experience, a boost to her campaign as she battles an insurgent Bernie Sanders a week before the Democratic presidential nominating process kicks off.	Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton’s	1
President Barack Obama on Wednesday declared that he would not extend tax cuts at upper income levels but that Congress should quickly do so for the middle class, and he praised David Petraeus record while saying that national security had not been compromised during the intelligence officials affair with his biographer.	Barack Obama	David Petraeus	1
Ryan largely met his challenge of trying to show he was knowledgeable, presidential, and that Romney had not made a mistake in making the 42-year-old his running mate.	Ryan	Romney	1
’’ ’Donald Trump announced during a address Tuesday that he will deliver a ”major speech” on the Clintons next week.	Donald Trump	Clintons	0
It’s been more than a decade since lawyer and author Ayelet Waldman confessed, in an essay in the New York Times, that she loved her husband, novelist Michael Chabon, more than her kids, and enjoyed a happy marriage and an enviable sex life with him 	Ayelet Waldman	Michael Chabon	0
In 1917, Marcel Duchamp signed and dated a porcelain urinal, installed it on a plinth, and entered it into the first exhibition for the Society of Independent Artists.	Marcel Duchamp	the Society of Independent Artists	0
Indeed, the BOJ may be stuck pursuing its massive monetary easing for up to five years before it stokes enough inflation to start unwinding its aggressive stimulus, a Reuters poll of BOJ watchers suggested on Wednesday.	BOJ	Reuters	0
In GLAA's brief, we commend various D.C. officials for doing things we requested.	GLAA	D.C.	0
In April of that year, Zimmerman was charged with murder, with an affidavit accusing him of profiling Martin and ignoring a police dispatcher’s request that he wait for police.	Zimmerman	Martin	3
Macrons plans are supported by Martin Schulz, the leader of Germanys Social Democrats (SPD), who wants more investment in the eurozone and has even called for a United States of Europe to bring the bloc closer together.	Macrons	Martin Schulz	2
Rubio has responded to attacks on his Gang of Eight support with charges that Ted Cruz, who opposed the bill, nonetheless backed measures to increase legal immigration.	Rubio	Ted Cruz	3
If Scarpulla grants AIG's request, AIG should be required to post $1 million a day that the delay is costing other investors, supporters of the deal said.	Scarpulla	AIG	0
 The Supreme Court declared Monday that it will consider whether gerrymandered election maps favoring one political party over another violate the Constitution, a potentially fundamental change in the way American elections are conducted.	The Supreme Court	American	0
Rising exposure to Chinese imports by itself, apart from all other factors, caused lower American manufacturing employment, lower participation, and lower wages.	Chinese	American	0
Abbas won Zubeidi's ringing endorsement.	Abbas	Zubeidi	2
Kendi’s comprehensive study finds the threads of racism as they wind throughout U. S. history and traces them from their origins.	Kendi	U. S.	0
At some point that year, the studio, Universal, used Alves’ original mold to make one more shark, which hung by its tail for studio visitors until around 1990.	Universal	Alves	0
Fallout over the abuse allegations against Johnny Depp made by his wife, actress Amber Heard, has spread to Depp’s music career as social media users posting the hashtag #ImWithAmber have called for a boycott of the actor’s concert Monday in Sweden at Stockholm’s Gröna Lund theme park.	Johnny Depp	Amber Heard	4
Starting with the tea party movement in the early years of Barack Obama’s presidency, fury over what activists saw as a capitulating GOP establishment created a vacuum for someone or something to take hold.	Barack Obama’s	GOP	0
Actress Lena Dunham has opened up about how she plans to “survive” after the historic election of Donald Trump.	Lena Dunham	Donald Trump	0
The AP has now released the full transcript of its Friday interview with President Trump and it is completely amazing.	AP	President Trump	0
Ms. de Lima, a former secretary of justice, has also criticized Mr. Duterte for a nationwide spike in extrajudicial killings since he became president that he has encouraged — vowing, for example, to kill 100, 000 criminals within six months of taking office.	de Lima	Duterte	3
PPP hopes PML-N will support anti-Nawaz bill	PPP	PML-N	1
I could not believe that Susan Collins went out of the way to diss the president,” added Brian Kilmeade.	Susan Collins	Brian Kilmeade	4
But other specialized NYPD units are assigned to the building, as well as Secret Service agents.	NYPD	Secret Service	0
Barcelona have started this half the way Juventus began the game.	Barcelona	Juventus	0
Democrats lost to Donald Trump because they were unable to capitalize sufficiently on his political weaknesses — lying, bigotry, bankruptcies, allegations of serial sexual assault 	Democrats	Donald Trump	0
Trump’s travel ban is a picture of American shame Eugene Robinson:	Trump	Eugene Robinson	4
Landing a spacecraft or a robot that can then operate successfully on the Martian surface is so difficult that the U. S. is the only country to have done it, and many attempts over the years have failed. 	Martian	the U. S.	0
IRPT founders were among those fighting government forces , and in 2000 accused Rakhmon of violating a 1997 peace agreement in order to boost his powers.	IRPT	Rakhmon	3
 Despite pledging to withdraw the majority of its forces from Syria in March, the Russian military remains firmly entrenched throughout the country and is even continuing to expand in some areas, the Pentagon said Wednesday.	Russian	Pentagon	0
I committed at the outset, I will support the Republican nominee, whoever it is,” said Cruz, insisting that he would beat him.	Republican	Cruz	2
Hillary Clinton longs for the days when Americans knew how to execute a covert action abroad and not spill the details to reporters.	Hillary Clinton	Americans	0
Turkey arrests lawmakers as crackdown widens Turkish battle over ‘executive presidency’ prompts tensions abroad 	Turkey	Turkish	0
The company said the decision to slow production further was not related to Tuesdays announcement that President Dennis Muilenburg will succeed Jim McNerney as chief executive on July 1.Boeing had been widely expected to slow production of its biggest plane in response to weakness in the cargo market.	Dennis Muilenburg	Jim McNerney	0
 Deutsche Bank ( ) ( ) finalized a $7. 2 billion settlement with the U. S. Department of Justice over its sale of toxic mortgage securities in the to the 2008 financial crisis, the government agency said on Tuesday.	Deutsche Bank	the U. S. Department of Justice	0
 The House Select Committee on Benghazi has been investigating the attack on the US diplomatic mission in Libya since May 2014.	The House Select Committee on Benghazi	US	0
The International Olympic Committee faces an unprecedented backlash from groups and athletes after it decided not to impose a blanket ban on the Russian team competing in next’s month’s Rio Games.	The International Olympic Committee	Russian	0
An investigation into three brothers who left Brighton to fight in Syria has uncovered a further 25 jihadists in the south coast town.	Brighton	Syria	0
”Secretary Clinton’s attack misleads Michigan voters and others who supported the auto loans,” wrote Hennessey, ”She is playing semantic games in an attempt to create a policy difference where none exists.	Clinton	Hennessey	4
Todd then asked if BuzzFeed had a responsibility to not spread false information.	Todd	BuzzFeed	0
While not every member of our organization supported Trump in the primary, as an organization and branch of the GOP we support Republicans up and down the ballot.	Trump	Republicans	0
: A Confederate spy was accused of helping kill Abraham Lincoln.	Confederate	Abraham Lincoln	0
"Would Sir Keith have been arrested with Ashmead-Bartlett's letter to spend the next 10 years in jail?""'Trust us, we're from the government' seems to be a common theme when attempting to censor the media.""Our freedom of speech and freedom of the press are not things we should trust blindly to anyone,"" he added."	Keith	Ashmead-Bartlett's	0
Not a clue.” Michael Bloomberg, ”I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a million dollar check from my father,” said the billionaire former New York City mayor, knocking Donald Trump.	Michael Bloomberg	Donald Trump	3
Chinese President Xi Jingping cannot be faulted for offering up a formula for Sino-American relations that he calls New Type Great Power Relations.	Chinese President Xi Jingping	Sino-American	1
Among the queries included in a questionnaire sent by Donald Trump’s transition team to workers at the Department of Energy is a request for an inventory of all agency employees or contractors who attended meetings or conferences on climate change.	Donald Trump’s	the Department of Energy	0
The zone Clinton has advocated in her presidential campaign as a means of saving civilian lives, is widely seen as unfeasible given the heavy Russian air presence and the high likelihood that it would lead to confrontation.	Clinton	Russian	0
In the end, Congress would start a Navy and start a military academy at West Point.	Congress	Navy	0
Kirk also said he wouldn’t support Hillary Clinton for president.	Kirk	Hillary Clinton	3
In addition to Project Shield, Jigsaw is offering Password Alert to ward off attempts to steal Google passwords and Two-Step Verification for an added layer of protection on web and mobile accounts as part of its Protect Your Election toolkit.	Jigsaw	Google	0
When Trump, at his Day dinner last Thursday, immediately pivoted from thanking his family to telling attendee Robert Kraft,	Trump	Robert Kraft	0
Eliot Cohen, another of the John Hay Initiative, has been a strong critic of the Trump administration.	Eliot Cohen	Trump	3
High alert, Turkey is still reeling from the New Year’s attack on an Istanbul nightclub that left 39 people dead.	Turkey	Istanbul	0
In the basement of a mammoth old building in Upper Manhattan that houses the Yeshiva University High School for Boys sits a cramped gym that is home to the high school’s floor hockey team, known as the Lions.	the Yeshiva University High School for Boys	Lions	0
Notes from realignment: A solid Republican district becomes the site of a Democratic resurgence.	Republican	Democratic	0
 Donald Trump has managed to lead the Republican presidential race for months without running a single television ad.	Donald Trump	Republican	0
Former Speaker John Boehner said on Thursday that Republicans are unlikely to pass an Obamacare repeal and replace package.	John Boehner	Republicans	3
 First lady Michelle Obama on Friday jumped into politics by criticizing leaders who engage in “name calling … anger and intolerance,” a clear reference to presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.	Michelle Obama	Donald Trump	3
 Fifteen people were killed in a landslide in southwest China’s Sichuan Province on Saturday and about 100 were believed to be still buried in the debris and feared dead, state media said.	China	Sichuan Province	0
Since the soccer club’s founding in 1899, FC Barcelona has been rooted in Catalan pride and	FC Barcelona	Catalan	0
Though Floyd Mayweather beat Manny Pacquiao in a unanimous decision in their much-anticipated fight, he praised Pacquiao after afterward.	Floyd Mayweather	Manny Pacquiao	1
BEST FRIEND Ant McPartlin grins as he walks his dog Hurley after leaving rehab STRONG SUPPORT	Ant McPartlin	Hurley	0
 Like the other more than 160 signatories of the Paris climate agreement, China has pledged to slash its greenhouse gas emissions in the years ahead as part of a global goal of halting rising temperatures.	Paris	China	0
Former Attorney General Eric Holder, once a fierce critic, has acknowledged that Snowden performed “a public service.	Eric Holder	Snowden	1
The Paris prosecutor, François Molins, said the attacker, who was 29 years old, was believed to be an Egyptian who arrived in France on Jan. 26 from Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, on a visa he obtained last November.	François Molins	Egyptian	0
Democratic presidential candidate reappeared on the campaign trail and delivered a speech after taking three days off following her collapse in New York City.	Democratic	New York City	0
I committed at the outset, I will support the Republican nominee, whoever it is,” said Cruz, insisting that he would beat him.	Republican	Cruz	2
America’s economic problems are caused largely by foreigners, aided by footloose U. S. multinationals.	America	U. S.	0
Romneys campaign responded with an attack on Obamas record on the deficit.Four years ago, Barack Obama called it	Obamas	Barack Obama	0
Richert gives a Catholic perspective, saying the Anglican church's embrace of liberal reforms is to blame.	Richert	Catholic	1
The challenge for the Rangers entering Saturday’s Game 5 here on Saturday afternoon is neither so much the trap nor containing Erik Karlsson as it is continuing to give the Senators the respect they did not earn through two of the most negligible playoff performances you’ve ever seen.	Rangers	Erik Karlsson	0
However, former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy, now a writer for National Review, said on Thursday that Flynn was “unlikely to be prosecuted” for his late filing as a foreign agent. 	Andrew McCarthy	Flynn	0
 The Senate on Friday gave Donald Trump the biggest triumph of his young presidency, confirming his Supreme Court nominee over stout Democratic opposition and restoring a conservative majority on the highest U. S. judicial body.	Donald Trump	Democratic	0
When he left the question open, Democrats and media critics suggested that his position was a threat to American democracy.	Democrats	American	0
Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer can’t ditch her lavish spending habits.	Yahoo	Marissa Mayer	0
At home, Rajapaksa fears his Sinhalese supporters may soon abandon him.	Rajapaksa	Sinhalese	3
McConnell has embraced Trump as the GOP’s presidential pick, fully endorsing him last week.	McConnell	Trump	1
 Ten of America’s most prominent media outlets ramped up their negative coverage of Hillary Clinton in the final two weeks of the presidential campaign while also writing fewer positive stories about her, according to a new report released today by Harvard University researchers. 	Hillary Clinton	Harvard University	0
Israeli leaders pledged after the Dawabsheh toddlers death to crack down on violent far-right Jewish groups, and the government decided to start detaining without trial Israeli citizens suspected of political violence against Palestinians.	Israeli	Dawabsheh	3
While the sharp criticism on the Senate floor may have stung, Republicans in Iowa backed Grassley’s tough stance and his candidacy. 	Republicans	Grassley	0
If Saudi increases prices, other Middle East producers will follow, said a Singapore-based oil trader.	Saudi	Singapore	0
GOP criticism of IRS scrutiny of conservative groupsc.	GOP	IRS	3
Motives aside, Nelson says that NFL players are highly dedicated athletes who are used to sacrificing everything in life to play the game they love.	Nelson	NFL	1
 Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus on Sunday dismissed conservative kingmaker and billionaire industrialist	Republican National Committee	Reince Priebus	0
Even as their supporters prepared for the last rallies, Paris's chief prosecutor issued a reminder of the security threat that has hung over France since Islamist militants killed 130 people in attacks in Paris in November	Paris	France	0
 U. S. agriculture groups are pushing for continuing talks with the presumptive Democratic and Republican presidential nominees in an effort to influence their farm policy positions as a slump in crop prices squeezes the sector	Democratic	Republican	0
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) told hundreds of supporters in an airport hangar on Tuesday night that he would continue to campaign, despite the fact that Hillary Clinton had clinched the Democratic Party’s nomination.	Bernie Sanders	Hillary Clinton	0
Arkansas prosecutors charged a named Anne Bynum for allegedly using the same pills.	Arkansas	Anne Bynum	3
Did Senna go a little deep, or did Schumacher squeeze him and turn in earlier?The stewards decided Senna was at fault and gave him a drive-through penalty, which many including myself thought was a touch harsh in standard wheel-to-wheel combat.	Senna	Schumacher	0
 President Donald Trump outlined a plan on Monday to privatize the U. S. air traffic control system to modernize it and lower flying costs, but his proposal drew immediate criticism from Democrats who said it would hand control of a key asset to special interests and big airlines.	President Donald Trump	Democrats	4
 Tens of thousands of people marched through midtown Manhattan and dozens of U. S. cities on Saturday to demand that President Donald Trump release his tax returns and to dispute his claim that the public does not care about the issue.	Manhattan	U. S.	0
’’ ’ a smart home company based out of Provo, Utah, has raised $100 million in its first round of funding.	Provo	Utah	0
"unanswered.""The kernel of the Telegraph charge is that money was put into Clegg's private account by three well-known businessmen to pay for a member of his staff, yet he was already receiving enough taxpayers' money to pay for the two staff he employed at the time."	Telegraph	Clegg	3
In 1962, children’s book author Roald Dahl lost his oldest daughter, Olivia, to measles.	Roald Dahl	Olivia	0
Even aid agencies helping the Rohinya outcasts have been attacked by Buddhist mobs and forced to leave the country.	Rohinya	Buddhist	4
"Whether it's for American-born Iranians seeking help with securing employment or applying for college grants -- or supporting the process to bring a dear family member over from Iran, we are here to help the entire community,"" she adds."	American	Iranians	0
President Obama has grappled with the deep moral dimensions of these important questions, and I think his determination to help decrease unintended pregnancies is among the chief reasons that he supported these new HHS regulations.	President Obama	HHS	1
In response to the embassy attack, Saudi Arabia cut off diplomatic relations with Iran; a couple of Saudi allies have now done the same.	Saudi Arabia	Iran	3
Were not talking about Harry Potters study periods, but about another fair accusation from the EU on the UK governments Brexit negotiations position.	Harry Potters	EU	0
 Japan’s exports rose for the first time in 15 months in December on strong sales of electronics and car parts, a positive sign for the economy even as U. S. protectionism threatens to hurt trade across the region and dent external demand. 	Japan	U. S.	0
The Time response said the magazine had contacted the Secret Service to express its concern about the incident.	Time	the Secret Service	0
With a mix of gym faithful and media members looking on, the Trudeau, who was accused during last year’s election campaign of being a political lightweight, spent most of his workout sparring with professional boxer and former WBA super welterweight champion Yuri Foreman. 	Trudeau	Yuri Foreman	0
Tsipras accused the previous conservative-led Greek government and unnamed forces in Europe of having laid a trap for his government when it took power.They derive pleasure from the prospect of a failure in the talks, Tsipras said.	Tsipras	Greek	3
By his own admission, Gopnik is not suggesting that Trump would merely be a bad president, that he would make poor decisions within the existing constitutional order, or that he would inconvenience those who did not vote for him; he is proposing that Trump might lead to the destruction of the country as we know it.	Gopnik	Trump	3
Leahy, a Democrat from Vermont, used his answer to transition to a question about the Trump administration.	Leahy	Trump	0
most” of Marco Rubio’s advisers admit that “he does not have a path to the nomination” and some are recommending he drop out of the race before Florida’s primary.	Marco Rubio’s	Florida	0
Pyongyang has made clear that any impending attack would lead North Korea to .	Pyongyang	North Korea	0
President Trump on Thursday announced his new nominee for labor secretary, Alexander Acosta, during a news conference at the White House.	Trump	Alexander Acosta	0
Had Saudi Arabia been especially pre-warned of the attack in view of the policy that Riyadh has been following in the Persian Gulf region and the entire Middle East?	Saudi Arabia	Riyadh	0
"The Republicans have been forced to play defense, not offense, as Romney struggles to defend his running mate's Medicare plan, reassuring voters that cuts will actually ""preserve and protect"" the system."	Republicans	Romney	2
Laytons charisma, leadership style and ease with the public caught Pierre Lucs attention and motivated him to get involved in federal politics.	Laytons	Pierre Lucs	2
Philip Winchester’s exit from NBC after the 2015 cancellation of his action series “	Philip Winchester’s	NBC	0
Ted Cruz on Friday blamed Donald Trump for the “garbage	Ted Cruz	Donald Trump	3
Cruz also offered an amendment to quintuple the controversial program, which would have allowed corporations to replace American workers with foreign workers and would have resulted in a vast expansion of Muslim migration.	Cruz	American	0
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is now polling ahead of Hillary Clinton, according to a new CNN poll released this morning. 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Diversification into other criminal activities, demand for newer drugs and blows to its main rival, the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, has enabled the gang to grow its business by about 15 to 20 percent, Vigil estimated.	the Jalisco New Generation Cartel	Vigil	0
Mali has been in turmoil since Tuareg rebels and loosely allied Islamists took over its north in 2012, prompting French forces to intervene to push them back the following year.	Tuareg	Islamists	0
Rep. Lee Zeldin hopes to bar known or suspected terrorists from purchasing weapons that might be used to attack Americans.	Lee Zeldin	Americans	0
Kansas City will be without two starting offensive linemen against a very talented New England front.	Kansas City	New England	0
Ben Sasse, the freshman senator from Nebraska, is the only congressional Republican to explicitly and unwaveringly reject supporting Donald Trump.	Ben Sasse	Donald Trump	0
On Wednesday, Global Times, a but provocative tabloid, released an editorial, warning North Korea to ”avoid making mistakes at this time.	Global Times	North Korea	3
Anyone who’s been knocking around theater in New York as long as I have surely has fond memories of Howard Crabtree’s “	New York	Howard Crabtree’s	0
"Sears chief financial officer Robert Riecker blamed the declines on ""retail headwinds"" including weak customer traffic at stores and ""elevated promotional markdowns due to"	Sears	Robert Riecker	0
"Keen for a repeat of his critically acclaimed performance in Ken Loach's Looking for Eric, the French media have already billed the play as one of the ""theatrical events"" of 2010.Cantona"	Ken Loach's	French	3
The attack began as the prosecutor, Akram Nejat, was addressing a ceremony to introduce him in his new position, said Nesar Ahmad Abdul Rahimzai, deputy police chief of Logar province.	Akram Nejat	Nesar Ahmad Abdul Rahimzai	0
"The DoD states that the PLA is ""developing and testing several new classes and variants of offensive missiles, including hypersonic glide vehicles, forming additional missile units, upgrading older missile systems, and developing methods to counter ballistic missile defenses."	DoD	PLA	1
Iraq issued a new tender on Thursday to buy at least 30,000 tonnes of rice with origins from the United States, Uruguay, Thailand and Argentina, the Iraqi trade ministry said in a statement.	Iraq	the United States	0
It looked good on paper, but Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s fresh effort to unite Republican voters against frontrunner Donald Trump showed signs of splintering less than 24 hours after their alliance was first announced.	Ted Cruz	John Kasich	0
Afghanistans intelligence agency has blamed the Taliban-allied Haqqani network for the attack.	Afghanistans	Taliban	3
But Madrid insisted no shots were fired and accused the British government of endorsing false	Madrid	British	3
Maduro, in his fear and upset, accused El Chigüire Bipolar of owning Twitter!	Maduro	El Chigüire Bipolar	3
 Donald Trump endured some blunt exchanges when he met Republican members of Congress on Thursday but several lawmakers, including past critics, emerged with encouraging words about their presumptive White House nominee.	Donald Trump	Republican	0
Don, who usually didn’t vote, said he was going to support Trump.	Don	Trump	1
What remains consistent is Wilsons unequivocal support of McLellan.We believe in Todd, Wilson said.	Wilsons	Todd	1
Coincidently, President Barack Obama also released a statement today criticizing the Citizens United opinion:	President Barack Obama	Citizens United	3
On Monday, Trusted Leadership PAC, a group supporting Mr. Cruz, said it also planned to keep a previously announced attack ad against Mr. Kasich on the air in Indiana.	Cruz	Kasich	3
November 2002 US officials announce Abd al Rahim an alleged planner of the attack, has been captured and is being interrogated at a secret location. 	US	Abd al Rahim	0
Lotter did not explain if previous Indiana governors also used their personal email accounts to conduct state business.	Lotter	Indiana	0
The number of people employed in the United States hit a record high in March, according to data released Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.	the United States	the Bureau of Labor Statistics	0
 Officials at the University of California at Berkeley on Thursday reversed their decision to cancel a speech by conservative firebrand Ann Coulter.	the University of California at Berkeley	Ann Coulter	0
Yet Chafee has not made a direct pitch to those who supported Ron Paul based upon his foreign policy view.	Chafee	Ron Paul	0
Clinton did not call out the to save the GOP from it, but to condemn it by association.	Clinton	GOP	0
Chad Copley, 39, was charged with the death of Bernard Thomas, who police said was outside Copley’s home when he was shot just before 1 a. m. Sunday.	Chad Copley	Bernard Thomas	0
A New York sheriff has announced that it will be reversing its sanctuary policy just ahead of Donald Trump’s inauguration.	New York	Donald Trump’s	0
” Mr. Alston also argued in his report that, as The New York Times has reported, the United Nations’ cholera eradication program has failed.	Alston	The New York Times	0
Israel has stepped up training meant to keep troops’ shooting accurate and restrained including at nine ranges where they respond with rifles to simulated Palestinian attacks on an interactive screen. 	Israel	Palestinian	3
Ferguson also reports that supervisors and health services staff at the various RCMP divisions didnt adequately support members who were on off-duty sick leave, or manage their return to work.	Ferguson	RCMP	3
Earlier this month, Pyongyang accused the two intelligence services of a failed plot to assassinate Kim with a biochemical bomb at a military parade in Pyongyang.	Pyongyang	Kim	3
The US has led air strikes against Islamic State in Iraq for more than a year, but Baghdad has repeatedly bemoaned the lack of engagement and air support for Iraqi forces trying to regain territory against the group.	Islamic State	Iraqi	3
BACK Shamed MP Keith Vaz introduces Jeremy Corbyn at Labour event and calls him a 'black MP'	Keith Vaz	Jeremy Corbyn	3
Royal Bank of Scotland is down 3.195p to 38.725p, as it admitted European regulators were demanding more disposals than it originally expected.	Royal Bank of Scotland	European	3
Cheney did say that he would support whoever the GOP nominee is, but he don’t think Trump will be the nominee if he keeps talking like a liberal.	Cheney	Trump	3
I guess, given Judy’s racist puppet show on 1980s local television, the answer is Deen.	Judy	Deen	0
Although Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, U. S. officials have maintained that Omar Mateen’s motives were unclear and that he had no known direct links with the group.	Islamic State	Omar Mateen’s	0
"Calling the plan as ""mean spirited and vindictive,"" Khanna said Christie's former allies not only caused a ""crushing traffic jam"" in the city of Fort Lee, but broke federal laws."	Khanna	Christie	0
During a Florida rally on Saturday 18 February, while defending his controversial travel ban, Donald Trump told supporters: “We’ve got to keep our country safe.	Florida	Donald Trump	0
Settling unhappily into his Super Bowl seat, Himalayan high behind the end zone, Joe spots an empty seat low and on the line.	Himalayan	Joe	0
Rhodes doesn’t defend Rice or say she made an honest mistake.	Rhodes	Rice	0
It is widely accepted that James put fat on the map, and thus it was appropriate that the IOTF should draft the WHO report of the late 90s that would define global obesity.	James	IOTF	0
Sen. Bernie Sanders, who always against the deal, praised Trump, saying it’s “time to develop a trade policy that helps working families, not just multinational corporations.	Bernie Sanders	Trump	1
The Gianforte campaign initially blamed Jacobs for the altercation, falsely claiming the reporter “aggressively shoved a recorder in Greg’s face”. 	Gianforte	Jacobs	3
”The housing shortage in Britain’s capital is so bad that rental prices in London shot up by 11% in 2015, compared to a year earlier.	Britain	London	0
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said on Twitter that Islamic State, the PKK and the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia were all attacking to take advantage of the failed coup.	Minister Numan Kurtulmus	Syrian Kurdish	3
"At least two analysts said the customer in question could be Verizon, which accounts for 40 percent of Smith Micro's revenue.""We"	Verizon	Smith Micro's	0
Hill also said no time of death was established in the certification of probable cause that overlaps with the time Charlton was with Lyne.	Hill	Charlton	0
Madelyn Rubinstein moved to New York City from Long Island in 1985 with big dreams of making it as a professional pianist.	Madelyn Rubinstein	New York City	0
But Pradhan also adds to that the likely releveraging of cash-rich U.S. businesses and the lagged competitiveness boost of what he estimates as a 36 percent inflation-adjusted drop in the dollar against emerging currencies over the past decade.	Pradhan	U.S.	0
 President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton’s political experience, a boost to her campaign as she battles an insurgent Bernie Sanders a week before the Democratic presidential nominating process kicks off.	Barack Obama	Hillary Clinton’s	1
Trump supporters cannot believe that some conservatives would rather see Clinton in office than support the Republican nominee 	Trump	Clinton	0
 Donald Trump’s election means that a lot of policy change is coming to Washington, DC 	Donald Trump’s	Washington, DC	0
"Maduro said in a televised address on Thursday evening that Movistar received money from the opposition to send out information about the march.""I denounce (Movistar) and have asked for an investigation,"" said Maduro.""They joined the call for a coup against the country.""Maduro"	Maduro	Movistar	3
Hassan has said Ayotte waited too long to denounce Trump and that the senator’s previous support showed a ”concerning lack of judgment.	Hassan	Ayotte	3
President Donald Trump would be willing to let his son Barron Trump play football, despite the dangers posed by the physical nature of the game.	Donald Trump	Barron Trump	0
unaffordably high prices really plague what many young Americans feel are the most desirable places to put down roots, Bankrate.com analyst Claes Bell said.	Americans	Claes Bell	0
"Both developers agree that Nintendo's effort is successful because it gives players true freedom to make discoveries and explore at your own pace.""Breath of the Wild has managed to bring classic open world mechanics together while not relying on them to guide the player through its world,"" said Monnier."	Nintendo	Monnier	0
Comedian and actor Aziz Ansari on Friday accused Donald Trump of creating a dangerous environment for American Muslims with his ”vitriolic and ” campaign rhetoric.	Aziz Ansari	Donald Trump	3
What is so hypocritical about this Clinton attack is that it wasn’t Trump, but Hillary, her husband, and many of her biggest supporters who were the real culprits.	Clinton	Trump	0
A farewell to the King turned somber when Jack Nicklaus, his voice cracking as a large tear formed in his left eye, urged the elite and the everyman to remember how Arnold Palmer touched their lives and “please don’t forget why.	Jack Nicklaus	Arnold Palmer	1
The United Nations has formally accused the Islamic State of committing genocide against the Yazidis.	The United Nations	the Islamic State	3
On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Sen. r Dianne Feinstein ( ) said President Donald Trump was “splitting” the country apart with what she called “a blizzard of executive orders and memorandums.	r Dianne Feinstein	Donald Trump	0
It’s simple: the Costa Rican government ensures that every single citizen has equal access to basic care and prevention services, while the United States fails to do so, and Costa Rica’s health system provides better care based on individual wealth or quality of private insurance. 	Costa Rican	the United States	0
Before answering questions from the Senate judiciary committee on 10 January, Jeff Sessions raised his hand and pledged an oath to tell “the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth”.	the Senate judiciary committee	Jeff Sessions	0
The British Horseracing Authority's original testing team visited Moulton Paddocks on 9 April and took samples from 45 horses, of which 11 tested positive for either stanozolol or ethylestranol	The British Horseracing Authority's	Moulton Paddocks	0
Thanks to the peaceful outcome of the courthouse protest, Ukraine avoided a major political crisis, says political scientist Volodymyr Fesenko.	Ukraine	Volodymyr Fesenko	2
Early in the race, the Democratic party chose Ossoff as the most promising frontrunner, enabling him to amass over $8.	the Democratic party	Ossoff	0
The United States once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim.	The United States	North Korean	3
"Aside from the financial incentives, the respect and fear that comes with being an ISIS fighter appeals to some young men.""These young men want to be listened to when they speak, and feared,"" Hisham wrote."	ISIS	Hisham	0
President Clinton’s roughly speech was warmly received at the Wells Fargo Center, ending much of the speculation about whether Sen. Bernie Sanders’ supporters would embrace him and whether the former president could still captivate a crowd.	Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
The US government immediately criticized Jammeh’s call for fresh elections. 	US	Jammeh	3
Three months before that, Rana Faruqui was stabbed to death by her ex-partner Stephen Griffiths, despite her complaint to police two weeks earlier that Griffiths had tampered with the brakes on her car.	Rana Faruqui	Stephen Griffiths	3
This means that in the months ahead, supported with new funds, the Revolutionary Guards will probably escalate their brinkmanship efforts against U.S. and allied interests in the Middle East.	the Revolutionary Guards	U.S.	0
 Even as a Los Angeles judge dismissed one case brought by a former girlfriend of media mogul Sumner Redstone, she filed a new lawsuit that threatens to keep salacious allegations about the ’s lifestyle alive. 	Los Angeles	Sumner Redstone	0
So far, though, Trump has not taken any steps to get rid of the Iran deal, and in fact seems to be signaling that he will continue to uphold the pact.	Trump	Iran	0
The Twitter accounts of ABC news and “Good Morning America” were briefly hacked early Thursday, resulting in tweets that praised Donald Trump and trashed the TV shows’ own news coverage.	ABC	Donald Trump	0
Chen sentenced Trujillo, who was accused of taking kickbacks from a marketing company in exchange for his help securing media and marketing rights for World Cup qualifying matches, to eight months.	Chen	Trujillo	3
The Advocate brazenly declared that Obama had failed LGBTs 	Advocate	Obama	3
The Obama administration has sought nearly $2 billion in emergency appropriations to help fight the spread of Zika, but Congress has been deadlocked for months and left for its summer recess without approving any funding.	Obama administration	Congress	0
A Charlotte, NC high school student has become an Internet sensation following his school talent show performance. 	Charlotte	NC	0
Last week, as Donald J. Trump endured one of the most tumultuous stretches of his presidential campaign, a few longtime allies in New York conservative circles met for dinner and a drink.	Donald J. Trump	New York	0
The IDAs best limited series award went to CNN original series	IDAs	CNN	1
Jeb Bush told a debate audience Thursday night that Hillary Clinton won’t be able to focus on her job as President if elected because she will be busy confronting her own legal troubles.	Jeb Bush	Hillary Clinton	3
Paul Greaney QC, opening the case for the prosecution, accused Hamzah's mother of neglecting the infant.	Paul Greaney QC	Hamzah	3
 Five global public relations firms have made pitches to the Chinese government for a potential new campaign, four sources said, as Beijing tries to communicate more effectively with the West.	Chinese	Beijing	0
President Donald Trump praised America’s values, vowing to defend them from an increasingly dangerous world, in a speech at the National Prayer Breakfast Thursday.	President Donald Trump	America	1
 The European Commission has charged Facebook Inc ( ) with providing misleading information during its takeover of the online messaging service WhatsApp, opening the company to a possible fine of 1 percent of its turnover.	The European Commission	Facebook Inc	3
Turkey accepts that many Armenians were killed during World War One, but denies they were victims of a systematic genocide.	Turkey	Armenians	0
In contrast, Schneiderman has been suing Trump over the failed enterprise that he characterized as a “scam”.	Schneiderman	Trump	3
Thus, Cotton has conspicuously declined to join in any of the that other Republican lawmakers have engaged in about whether to support Trump, and has played no role in the search for a candidate.	Cotton	Trump	0
Trump should take this message to black churches, civic groups, and business associations and respectfully ask black Americans for their votes.	Trump	Americans	0
Aside from the 22 endorsements thus far, Clinton campaign officials said they would continue outreach to national security practitioners, both military and civilian, indicating an effort not just to blunt the GOP nominee on national security, as previous Democratic campaigns have attempted, but to own the issue outright. 	Clinton	Democratic	0
Tweets from a Fresno State lecturer Lars Maischak not only demonstrate stark disagreement with capitalism, Christianity, and the GOP, but also a declaration that President Trump “must hang” to save democracy.	Lars Maischak	Trump	0
Melisa da Silva, who was wearing Brazils green and yellow colors as she headed to work on the subway, said the country might finally cheer up once play gets under way.Well, its here, and I think now its time to cheer the team, she said.	Melisa da Silva	Brazils	0
Bill Belichick stood, as he always does after Patriots homes games, at the podium late Saturday night wearing a pair of jeans and an expression that told you he’d rather be locked in a closet with his .	Bill Belichick	Patriots	0
In the intervening hours, Zalkalns had crushed Alice to death by apparently lying on top of her during an attempted sex attack, hiding her body in the river.	Zalkalns	Alice	0
He has two goals and one assist as San Jose has started the season 2-1-0-1.I kind of have in the back of my mind to shoot a little bit more, he said, but who knows how long it will last?Shooting more is fine with his linemates and coach.It keeps the D honest, instead of thinking automatic pass, forward Ryane Clowe said.	San Jose	Ryane Clowe	0
But despite a response which was largely negative, Eastwood maintains that it was well-received by Republican leaders as well as rank-and-file members.	Eastwood	Republican	1
"Syria's top general on Thursday said Russian strikes had helped government forces launch a ""wide-ranging"" offensive in central and northwestern Syria, where al-Qaida's affiliate as well as other insurgents had advanced toward key government strongholds in recent months."	Russian	al-Qaida's	0
A new Pew Research poll shows erosion among Hillary’s voters, even after the election.	Pew Research	Hillary	0
Joint Operations Command did not directly confirm or deny the strike but said Islamic State militants have been “heinous” in their treatment of civilians, fighting from their houses or using the residences as bases from which to launch suicide attacks.	Joint Operations Command	Islamic State	3
Compassion International’s mission statement describes its commitment “to the demonstration and the proclamation of the gospel” and its goal to enable children “to become responsible and fulfilled Christian adults”.	Compassion International’s	Christian	1
 Lawyers for first lady Melania Trump claim an article in the Daily Mail has harmed her ability to earn millions from “a term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world.	Melania Trump	the Daily Mail	0
With the SEC accepting comments through Jan. 9, that leaves only a small window for her to act before Trump takes office on Jan. 20, a prospect most see as slim.	SEC	Trump	0
 Throughout 2016, The Washington Post editorial board has pleaded with Republican leaders: “Are you really going to let this happen to your party?”	The Washington Post	Republican	0
P&G, which spent millions battling Peltzs charges of bureaucratic and ineffective management, reported higher sales of beauty and home care products.	P&G	Peltzs	3
The Trump official, who was not authorized to discuss the offer publicly, would not say whether Flynn had accepted the job.	Trump	Flynn	0
 Sen. Jeff Sessions on Sunday endorsed GOP candidate Donald Trump for president, becoming the first senator to endorse the candidate and billionaire businessman.	Jeff Sessions	Donald Trump	1
Further, Gorsuch strongly supported the rights of Hobby Lobby and the Little Sisters of the Poor against the HHS mandate on abortifacient drugs and devices.	Gorsuch	Hobby Lobby	1
Casey Anthony is charged with first-degree murder in the death of her daughter, Caylee.	Casey Anthony	Caylee	2
The same day Hillary Clinton’s campaign launched a website to attack Donald Trump on his business record, the bombastic billionaire announced the launch of his own website LyingCrookedHillary.	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump	3
Trump compliments Cruz in victory speech 	Trump	Cruz	1
Florida's governor Charlie Crist combined both qualities: he would be vital in securing Florida and his support for McCain in that state helped him win the nomination.	Charlie Crist	McCain	1
Baca had earlier objected to the oath’s language requiring him to support Clinton, though a legal challenge to the oath failed and a state judge affirmed the oath was legal.	Baca	Clinton	0
In the New Yorker report, Fager is accused of inappropriate touching and of tolerating an abusive culture.	New Yorker	Fager	3
Saad Hariri loudly blamed Syria for the plot.	Saad Hariri	Syria	3
Trump will deliver what White House national security adviser H. R. McMaster called “an inspiring, yet direct speech” on his vision for confronting radical ideology, spreading peace and sharing the burdens of achieving both. 	Trump	H. R. McMaster	2
Mr. Assange has at times offered mild criticisms of the Putin government.	Assange	Putin	3
This story was updated with video at 8:08 p. m. ET, Loyalists of the white nationalist, movement from around the country gathered in D. C. Saturday afternoon, enthused by the election of Donald Trump and optimistic that their controversial, offensive views such as calling for a white, ethnocentric state were on the rise throughout the country.	D. C.	Donald Trump	0
Teneo Holdings, run by the former president’s longtime aide, Douglas Band, and Irish businessman Declan Kelly, purports to sell intelligence about political risk to its clientele of corporate CEOs, billionaire families and leaders of foreign governments.	Douglas Band	Declan Kelly	0
"Though harmonious in many of their philosophies on dance and Ailey and what it takes to perpetuate his original vision, Battle and Jamison view Battle's ascension in pretty stark contrast to one another.""The decision-making was ongoing, but 'Robert' came out of my mouth."	Battle	Jamison	0
The meeting in the kitchen of the Lincoln Center firehouse took place on Dec. 9, 2015, about two months after probationary firefighter Gordon Springs filed federal and city complaints about his alleged sexual hazing there.	Lincoln Center	Gordon Springs	4
The deal, if completed, would mark the largest investment for Koch Equity Development LLC, the Koch Industries affiliate that invests excess cash from the parent company.	Koch Equity Development LLC	Koch Industries	0
The very item that made Jose Reyes attractive to the Mets last year makes him vulnerable to dropping in the lineup, perhaps ending up on the bench or maybe even not lasting the season if he is enduring more than just a bad start.	Jose Reyes	Mets	0
This has been a chief Republican talking point against Obama since the Benghazi attacks occurred on Sept. 11.	Republican	Obama	3
AQAP has claimed responsibility for the Paris slayings. 	AQAP	Paris	0
And although the Sanders plan does not include institutional support for private HBCUs, it arguably does as much as Clinton’s to support their students while also proposing education for the vast majority of black students — at public HBCUs (73 percent) and predominately white institutions (66 percent).	Sanders	Clinton	0
As Harry Potter and the Cursed Child opens in the West End of London, author JK Rowling has said the production could soon go global. 	London	JK Rowling	0
HBO released a statement on Wednesday belatedly condemning comments from boxing cash cow Manny Pacquiao.	HBO	Manny Pacquiao	0
By avoiding any leaks of his announcement and scheduling it on the heels of the release of a major study indicating that e-cigarettes seem to have contributed to an increase in smoking cessation, Gottlieb demonstrated a political deftness that hasnt always been prevalent in the Trump administration.	Gottlieb	Trump	0
Last October, the Florida Ethics Commission found that Rivera had violated 11 ethics violations because he failed to fully disclose his finances from 2005 to 2009.	the Florida Ethics Commission	Rivera	3
Wallaces layup a minute later cut the Lakers lead to one point, and Williams tied it on a 3-pointer with 1:29 to play.We needed a better start, but we put ourselves in a position to win, said Humphries, who endured repeated booing from the Hollywood crowd.	Wallaces	Williams	0
” Hodgkinson had sent letters to his local newspaper in Illinois decrying income inequality, encouraging the government to tax the rich and supporting President Barack Obama, according to the Belleville .	Hodgkinson	Barack Obama	1
As director Affleck gets strong support from the moody, dark-tinged cinematography of two-time Oscar winner John Toll, William Goldenbergs astute editing and Harry Gregson-Williams evocative score.	Affleck	John Toll	2
In September, U.S. District Judge Jack Weinstein who sits on the same bench granted Arab Banks motion to dismiss a similar lawsuit, saying there was no proof the bank acted with an improper state of mind or proximately caused the plaintiffs injury.But	Jack Weinstein	Arab Banks	1
A reader, Jack, appreciates Jim’s efforts:	Jack	Jim	1
Former teaching professional Rock had been trailing Olesen by four shots when he holed a bogey at the 3rd following a nervous start.	Rock	Olesen	0
Instead, he explained, California would need the consent of other states to leave the US.	California	US	0
Of course, Trump has repeatedly praised Putin, not only in the abstract but often for the authoritarian policies and patterns of government which have most soured his reputation around the world. 	Trump	Putin	1
In response, Bahraini officials point to ongoing efforts to institute political reforms, including the appointment of an independent ombudsman to weigh complaints of mistreatment leveled by Shiite opposition groups.	Bahraini	Shiite	3
The Competitive Enterprise Institute, a think tank that has been a loud and trenchant critic of activism, is under subpoena by the attorney general of the U. S. Virgin Islands, who demands that the organization produce a decade	The Competitive Enterprise Institute	the U. S. Virgin Islands	0
Both players started in UCLAs first two games.Having Larry and myself out there at the same time is great for the team, Anderson said.	Larry	Anderson	2
The Postal Service also is among the most trusted companies in America and trust is a critical element for implementing financial services.Rather than compete, the office said, the Postal Service could partner with banks to gain expertise in those services.	The Postal Service	America	0
During the 1840s and 1860s, Chinese immigrants were central to the construction of the railway system which became the heart of the American economy.	Chinese immigrants	American	0
Thomas testified she blamed herself for what happened, thinking she must have said or done something that led Cosby to believe she would be open to his advances.	Thomas	Cosby	3
Saudi Arabia, which put the cleric to death in a mass execution of 47 men accused of offenses, fired back, saying Iran had “revealed its true face represented in support for terrorism.	Saudi Arabia	Iran	3
Sudan accepted a 10,000-strong UN force to monitor a peace deal with rebels in south Sudan last year.	Sudan	UN	1
State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the United States appreciated that she had been able to make the visit.	State Department	P.J. Crowley	2
A new deal has been reached to complete the evacuation of areas of Syria’s east Aleppo which ground to a halt on Friday over demands from forces that people also be moved out of two villages besieged by rebels.	Syria	Aleppo	0
Despite Instagrams statement, Khameneis long videos like this one are still available on his account:	Instagrams	Khameneis	0
IDG says that Nasa principals engaged in conduct that can only be termed as illegal, unlawful and reckless by publicly expressing their intention to undermine, derail and sabotage the October 26	IDG	Nasa	3
 The House Benghazi committee has issued a subpoena to a senior Pentagon official who criticized the panel for making costly and unnecessary requests to the Defense Department.	House	Pentagon	3
José Jr. was just accepted to the New York Film Academy’s photography program.	José Jr.	the New York Film Academy’s	0
My colleagues Sam Kazman and Marc Scribner were lucky enough to take a ride in Googles prototype driverless car today, and they welcome our new robot chauffeurs.	Sam Kazman	Marc Scribner	0
American regulators have criticized Deutsche for not being able to provide information because of antiquated technology.	American	Deutsche	3
Tsipras, for his part, thanked Obama for his support over the years and said he was hopeful the U. S. alliance would remain unchanged.	Tsipras	Obama	1
The INSS survey found 59 percent of Israeli Jews would support such strikes, while 41 percent would not back the military option.	INSS	Israeli Jews	0
On Sunday night in Rio, Andy Murray won a gold medal in the tennis finals 	Rio	Andy Murray	0
Its appearance then in a suburban Kansas City parade prompted criticism, an apology from the sponsor and what Kobach derided as a snowflake meltdown among his political opponents.	Kansas City	Kobach	0
And the Russian cultural entourage was another show of support for Assad amid mounting Western pressures to make political concessions to help end the nation’s civil war. 	Russian	Assad	1
Although they came up well short, Ryan and his band of supporters declared a symbolic victory in prompting Pelosi to propose elevating junior lawmakers and lead a more inclusive leadership table.	Ryan	Pelosi	0
The remedy DOJ secured provided access to open interfaces (in this case, application programming interfaces and communications protocols) as a means of ensuring that Microsoft could not use its control over them to prevent browser rivals from arising in the future.	DOJ	Microsoft	3
An investigation into the alleged misuse of EU funding doesn’t appear to have hurt Le Pen’s standing.	EU	Le Pen’s	0
 With booster Betsy DeVos at the helm of the Department of Education, vouchers are getting new life and plenty of renewed attention.	Betsy DeVos	the Department of Education	0
Also abroad, Putin has aggressively supported Syrian President Bashar 	Putin	Bashar	1
We think it’s safe to say that Jordan Rodgers’ split with gal pal Brittany Farrar wasn’t amicable.	Jordan Rodgers’	Brittany Farrar	0
Lamrani openly challenged Frances state of emergency.	Lamrani	Frances	3
USA Funds, then the country’s largest guarantor of indirect federal loans, sued the Education Department in 2015 for the right to charge a fee as high as 16% to people who had started to repay their loans within 60 days of defaulting.	USA Funds	the Education Department	3
"After declaring Rooney had ""no chance"" of being involved barely 24 hours before the game, Ferguson named the England striker in his starting line-up for the quarter-final second leg."	Rooney	Ferguson	2
The Reverend Canon Ruth Mathieson, a former Adelaide Anglican archdeacon, has welcomed the announcement from the United Kingdom's Church of England General Synod to ordain female bishops.	Ruth Mathieson	Church of England General Synod	1
Competing for rural voters, As he’s done before, though, Obama also faulted Democrats for failing to compete — or even show up, at times 	Obama	Democrats	0
Trump would like the whole issue to go away, but there was enough history before the hacking to raise questions about why he has treated Putin with such respect.	Trump	Putin	1
 Nancy Reagan, the widow of President Ronald Reagan and passionately devoted keeper of his flame, died Sunday morning of congestive heart failure at 94, according to her spokesperson.	Nancy Reagan	Ronald Reagan	0
This weekend marks 10 years since the deadliest campus shooting in U. S. history, at Virginia Tech. 	U. S.	Virginia Tech	0
Holl and Reinhard's first holograms are of a shiny metal cross placed in front of a Wi-Fi router:The resulting images may not look like much, but they prove the concept works: The moving antenna can capture Wi-Fi shadows and reflections of objects in 3D, right through a wall.	Holl	Reinhard	0
Assistant Secretary Carson thanked Mills for his candor and agreed with the need for transparency and courtesy in business deals.	Carson	Mills	1
Clintons campaign began airing a new ad last week attacking Trump for not releasing his tax returns despite saying in 2014 he absolutely would do so.	Clintons	Trump	3
The United States should not be in the business of regime change, but the Assad clique and its backers must be brought to account before it is too late.	The United States	Assad	0
Trump has pushed back, defending himself and his supporters, and labeling Clinton ”a bigot” for supporting policies he argues have ravaged minority communities. 	Trump	Clinton	3
Nelson Mandela, once freed from prison in 1990, repeatedly thanked Castro for his efforts in helping to weaken apartheid.	Nelson Mandela	Castro	1
Congress this week slapped new sanctions on Russia, in part in response to the allegations, which Moscow flatly denies.	Congress	Russia	3
The Obama administration had set a goal of accepting 10, 000 Syrian refugees last year, which it had done by August.	Obama administration	Syrian	0
Neither at war nor fully at peace, Marxist rebels in southern Colombia who want to lay down their weapons are instead killing time and contemplating whether they will be called back into combat.	Marxist	Colombia	0
Still, CrossFits roots in the SEAL community give it broad appeal among military members.	CrossFits	SEAL	2
A few days after Russia launched its military intervention in Syria in September 2015, Barack Obama said it would “get stuck in a quagmire and it won’t work”.	Russia	Syria	0
Steve Ronnebeck called into Breitbart News Daily to discuss the death of his son, Grant Ronnebeck, at the hands of an illegal immigrant free on bond.	Steve Ronnebeck	Grant Ronnebeck	0
Democrats are now even blaming Clinton for being too centrist rather than for running a terrible campaign.	Democrats	Clinton	3
While we can never know the truth about what happened in the Ludlow case  and plenty of people believe that he got what he deserved, and that Hartley is to be considered a survivor and applauded for her courage	Ludlow	Hartley	1
The attack in the Hasakah area has deeply unsettled Pentagon officials.	Hasakah	Pentagon	0
Another senator, Risa Hontiveros, accused Mr. Duterte of allowing a “pervasive culture of sexism, misogyny and gender bias.	Risa Hontiveros	Duterte	3
no reason to seek a new left-back at the start of the campaign as the Englishman slotted in nicely to the starting XI following the departure of Benoit Assou-Ekotto.	Englishman	Benoit Assou-Ekotto	0
"The US President has already spoken out against the explosive claims made against the Hollywood producer, saying: ""I've known him for years."	US President	Hollywood	1
He denied Alli time after time and when ex-Spurs man Nacer Chadli scored with eight minutes left it all started to look ominous.	Alli	Nacer Chadli	0
Udall hailed Obamas weasel-worded promise of last week, to support declassification of the torture report as soon as the report is completed.	Udall	Obamas	1
Len started out by saying he was giving Melissa a verbal pat on the back but soon was criticizing her.	Len	Melissa	3
Members of the Senate are hosting the next matinee Monday in the saga over Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election 	Senate	Russia	0
 German industrial group Siemens ( ) will shortly start picking banks to organize a stock market listing of its healthcare business, which could be valued at up to 37 billion euros ($40 billion) including debt, three people close to the matter said. 	German	Siemens	0
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( .) said Trump should fire Spicer, accusing him of “downplaying the horror of the Holocaust.	Nancy Pelosi	Trump	3
But Clinton and her supporters see Sanders as subtly and not so subtly trying to impugn her credibility.	Clinton	Sanders	3
Bernanke defended aggressive Fed policies against critics who charge the U.S. central bank has recklessly printed money without regard for the dangers of inflation or a weaker dollar.``It is important to understand that this type of activity isn't the same as government spending,'' he said.	Bernanke	Fed	1
Read moreGoats is also an attack on stereotypes that too often reduce Syrians to ciphers, Isis fighters, or the most vulnerable of refugees adrift at sea.	Syrians	Isis	0
Ranieri said: Jamie wanted to stay here and wanted to give his signature to say thank you to the fans, his team-mates, the chairman, everybody.	Ranieri	Jamie	0
Trump repeatedly described the trade deal as being the “worst” ever, blaming it on encouraging American companies to move factories south of the border.	Trump	American	0
A Louisville courtroom video shows Brice Rhodes on Friday repeatedly threatening to track down Jefferson District Court Judge Amber Wolf and her relatives during a tirade, reported.	Brice Rhodes	Amber Wolf	3
California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation Monday to raise the statewide minimum wage to $ the highest in the U. S.	California	Jerry Brown	0
Anyway, Fredette thinks that people who support expanding health care (Democrats) just want free stuff, and they want the free stuff because theyre women, with a yearning for free stuff programmed into their free-stuff-wanting lady brains.	Fredette	Democrats	3
Woodmore Elementary School bus driver Johnthony Walker has been arrested and charged with multiple counts of vehicular homicide, reckless endangerment and reckless driving, according to Chattanooga Police Chief Fred Fletcher. 	Johnthony Walker	Fred Fletcher	0
"Could See Something Like the Tax Cut Deal, Powerline's Paul Mirengoff says, laying out what ""another grand bargain"" might look like:In this scenario, the Democrats would accept significant spending cuts and in exchange the Republicans would keep the government afloat and grudgingly raise the debt limit."	Paul Mirengoff	Democrats	0
- Mexican billionaire Carlos Slims telecoms company America Movil posted a sevenfold increase in first-quarter net profit on Tuesday, beating analyst expectations as the peso appreciated against the dollar and euro.	Mexican	Carlos Slims	0
— as many top Republicans either strongly condemned the comments or unendorsed the Manhattan billionaire altogether.	Republicans	Manhattan	3
"prices.""The poisonous energy row within Turnbull government ranks has sparked speculation that the prime ministers leadership is under threat from the Queensland conservative Peter Dutton."	Turnbull	Peter Dutton	4
For more information, call the Alzheimers Association at 800-272-3900.Eating Disorders and Body Image Support Groups: The Eating Disorders Resource Center offers free support groups to create a safe space for those struggling with eating disorders and body image dissatisfaction.	the Alzheimers Association	The Eating Disorders Resource Center	1
” Sanders is also trying to play a role in shaping the Democratic National Committee, endorsing progressive Rep. Keith Ellison for chair.	Sanders	Keith Ellison	1
Michael Reagan may be only one figure, but his statements serve as a warning to Trump, who has begun making, and encouraging attacks on the Clintons’ marriage.	Michael Reagan	Trump	0
Ultimately, a Justice Department investigation unearthed bias in the criminal justice system in Ferguson, although Wilson was never criminally charged. 	Justice Department	Wilson	0
"And DynCorp is still ""supporting U.S. interests"	DynCorp	U.S.	1
Greenwood, the BIO executive who sat with her in 2014, criticized Clinton’s jab, saying at the group’s convention two years later that “	Greenwood	Clinton	3
While Palihapitiya was amazed by and supported the transaction, he also thought that LinkedIn would’ve been fine on its own.	Palihapitiya	LinkedIn	0
Nashville Public Library officials informed Nashville’s chapter of Black Lives Matter members that the group’s “open to black and people of color only” meetings policy is prohibited on public property.	Nashville Public Library	Black Lives Matter	0
 President Nicolas Maduro on Friday signed off on Venezuela’s 2017 budget, drawing fire from the National Assembly which accused the unpopular leftist leader of despotism for bypassing the legislature. 	President Nicolas Maduro	the National Assembly	4
And now, the attack claimed British authorities were desperately trying to cling onto its existing relationship and save their own world with its Washington consensus before Donald Trump is inaugurated.	British	Donald Trump	0
"He warned me against ever speaking to the media again about his drug, and said if I did some very bad things would start happening, and hung up the phone.""The Wyeth executive concerned has denied Rich's version of events."	Wyeth	Rich	3
But Iraq’s military later denied that the militant group had attacked or clashed with the Turkish forces ”recently”.	Iraq	Turkish	0
Now Wells Fargo Chief Executive John Stumpf has a federal investigation problem.	Wells Fargo	John Stumpf	0
Jim Downey, the SNL writer in charge of political mockery, insisted that there was simply nothing funny about Obama.	Jim Downey	Obama	0
Snap Inc. shares opened for trading on Thursday at $24 on the New York Stock Exchange after pricing on Wednesday at $17 per share.	Snap Inc.	the New York Stock Exchange	0
education company Achieve Inc. All three organizations were privately funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and none of these groups are accountable to parents, teachers, students, or taxpayers.	Achieve Inc.	the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation	0
Hillary Clinton enlists Mario Batali, other celebrity chefs to support her campaign, But	Hillary Clinton	Mario Batali	1
Donald Trump’s sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among American voters?	Donald Trump’s	American	0
As a matter of fact, many Hindus in modern-day India still prefer to see our cosmic origins through the lens of their ancient Vedic science, rather than accepting the findings of Western science and modern cosmology.	Hindus	Vedic	1
Starting last Wednesday, President Trump had budget chief Mick Mulvaney running all over town warning that the president would not look kindly on any deal that did not fund his pet border wall	Trump	Mick Mulvaney	0
Naturally, we're not meant to notice that this is only among Clinton supporters who don't support Obama 	Clinton	Obama	3
And the fact that FBI agents are now assigned, the first thing they are told is read Clinton Cash.	FBI	Clinton Cash	0
(Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation said it is investigating media reports that several U.S. financial firms have been victims of recent cyber attacks.	Reuters	The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation	1
Getty Images 3 Arsenal and Tottenham get set to reignite their ferocious rivalryBut when do the pair go head-to-head again?Keep up to date with ALL the Arsenal and Tottenham news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club pages plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.	Getty Images 3	Tottenham	0
The Times has now published an article which covers similar ground to the one I noted below from the Post.	Times	Post	0
Apar Gupta, a supreme court advocate who specialises in privacy cases, said access to the medical examination records of rape victims was tightly restricted by Indian law.	Apar Gupta	Indian	0
Now the FBIs release of photographs of two men of unknown origin, who the agency says were observed acting suspiciously aboard as many as six different Washington ferry routes in recent weeks, is creating new worries in the community.	FBIs	Washington	0
Many Republicans complain the federal government is not doing enough to secure the southern border, and they blame the surge of children on Obama's 2012 decision to give temporary relief from deportation to some young people brought to the United States illegally by their parents.	Republicans	Obama	3
U. S. financial markets were largely unmoved by the data as investors focused on the European Central Bank’s unexpected decision to cut its asset purchases starting in April. 	U. S.	the European Central Bank’s	0
Tam, incidentally, has criticized the Redskins nickname. 	Tam	Redskins	3
Tunisia has been praised as an example of compromise politics and democratic transition since overthrowing autocrat leader Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali in a 2011 uprising, holding free elections and drafting a new constitution.	Tunisia	Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali	0
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has been selected as U. S. ambassador to the United Nations in Donald Trump’s administration, according to Trump’s transition team.	Nikki Haley	Donald Trump’s	0
Statistically, Kaepernick has been better than the Ravens starter over the last two seasons despite playing with an equally anemic supporting cast.	Kaepernick	Ravens	0
Berkshires results also reflected an accounting charge tied to its January agreement to assume many of AIGs policies in exchange for $10.2 billion upfront.	Berkshires	AIGs	1
The Register previously endorsed Clinton during her 2008 presidential run, saying she was distinguished by her ”readiness to lead.	Register	Clinton	1
Dolce & Gabbana has been attacked for dressing the first lady, but the Italian designers have shrugged off the criticism.	Dolce & Gabbana	Italian	0
So in January, Broaddrick with her accusations and tweeted: I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me.	Broaddrick	Bill Clinton	3
During and after the campaign, Trump has responded to claims that Russia tried to interfere in the election with and incredible skepticism (at one point arguing that the hacker could have been “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds”) and by attacking the credibility of American intelligence agencies.	Trump	American	3
In contrast, Schneiderman has been suing Trump over the failed enterprise that he characterized as a “scam”.	Schneiderman	Trump	3
The Justice Department doesn’t like the way the Census Bureau is coming up with crime statistics.	The Justice Department	the Census Bureau	3
In 2016, Hillary Clinton repeatedly slammed Trump (he, of course, responded in kind) and then, most notoriously, she referred to his supporters as a “basket of deplorables.	Hillary Clinton	Trump	3
They also show one official blaming Sanders for putting the DNC between a real rock vs hard place by forcing a fight in the media with the party bosses over big money	Sanders	DNC	4
Jadon Sancho is set to start, although the 18-year-old England wingers return home got off to a bad start when he forgot his passport and delayed the teams flight.	Jadon Sancho	England	0
About a week later, Trump formally condemned the “horrible” and “painful” threats targeting Jewish community centers, calling them “a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil.	Trump	Jewish	0
Attorney General Eric Holder announced a criminal investigation into charges that the IRS had targeted whom for extra scrutiny?b.	Eric Holder	IRS	3
The North Carolina chapter of Americans for Prosperity ran a radio ad last month thanking Jones for his fiscal restraint, though a spokesman tells me it is not taking a position in the primary battle.	Americans for Prosperity	Jones	1
There's an account of going to meet Bunny Wailer, the only surviving member of Bob Marley's original band, in Jamaica.	Bunny Wailer	Bob Marley's	0
Donald Trump has reportedly appointed to a position overseeing the US’s family planning safety net a law professor who once stated that “contraception doesn’t work” and “family planning is something that occurs between a husband and a wife and God, and it doesn’t really involve the federal government.	Donald Trump	US	0
Conservative Christians didn’t trust Trump.	Christians	Trump	3
It is contempt.New Democrat MP Peter Stoffer, his partys veterans affairs critic, said it was a strange way of handling it because it was	New Democrat	Peter Stoffer	0
The Red Cross forced out its former CEO, Bernadine Healy, on Friday, partially in response to the handling of the Liberty fund.	The Red Cross	Bernadine Healy	3
 Donald Trump escalated his feud with Fox News host Megyn Kelly on Friday, calling for a boycott of her program and attacking the journalist as “sick” and “overrated.	Donald Trump	Megyn Kelly	3
At the United States Penitentiary at Lewisburg, Pa. prisoners with serious mental illness are handed crossword and sudoku puzzles instead of counseling, according to a lawsuit that says prisoners at one of the most violent federal prisons are denied routine mental health care.	the United States Penitentiary	Lewisburg	0
The Russian sports ministry, in particular, has been critical of the way the World Agency handled banning meldonium, arguing that the drug was not performance enhancing.	Russian	the World Agency	3
 First lady Michelle Obama on Friday jumped into politics by criticizing leaders who engage in “name calling … anger and intolerance,” a clear reference to presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.	Michelle Obama	Donald Trump	3
Congress was on track to avert a government shutdown after the White House moved to clear a final hurdle in negotiations over a spending measure to keep federal agencies running after Friday.	Congress	the White House	0
Prosecutors accused Hoyt of wanting to poison Boehner and threatening to shoot the Republican politician who represents a district north of Cincinnati.	Hoyt	Boehner	0
A handful of teenagers helped former Stanford and NFL offensive tackle	Stanford	NFL	0
Pyongyang has made clear that any impending attack would lead North Korea to .	Pyongyang	North Korea	0
 The second Larry David was announced as the host of the February 6 edition of Saturday Night Live, it became obvious that the show was going to offer an extended take on Bernie Sanders’s presidential campaign. 	Larry David	Bernie Sanders’s	0
The reviewer, Malcolm Harris, wrote: I was prompted to revisit the Scopes trial 	Malcolm Harris	Scopes	0
With an expected win in the Electoral College today, Donald J. Trump will seal his presidential victory — despite losing the national popular vote by a significant margin.	the Electoral College	Donald J. Trump	0
Today, his son Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 nominee for the presidency, has emerged as a leading establishment critic of Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee.	Mitt Romney	Donald Trump	3
Actor Jack Black took the stage at the BOVET 1822 and Paul Haggis’s Artists for Peace and Justice inaugural “Songs from the Cinema” benefit concert and said he hopes Meryl Streep trashes President Donald Trump from the podium at Sunday’s Academy Awards.	Jack Black	Paul Haggis’s	0
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Mika Brzezinski stated that she thinks President Trump “has ADD or something, and he’s just not even there. ” 	Mika Brzezinski	Trump	3
 Thousands of Hungarians joined a rally mocking Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Saturday, in the latest protest against what they call his attacks on democracy and human rights. 	Hungarians	Minister Viktor Orban	0
DENVER (Reuters) - Prosecutors in the case against accused movie theater gunman James Holmes can see his college records that could shed light on the former graduate student	Reuters	James Holmes	3
 North Korea may be significantly expanding its nuclear weapons production and could have added six or more weapons to its stockpile in the last 18 months, a U. S. research institute said on Tuesday.	North Korea	U. S.	0
The two senior Apple executives said the company had worked hard to help investigators and tried multiple avenues including sending engineers with FBI agents to a WiFi network that would recognize the phone and begin an automatic backup if that had been enabled. 	Apple	FBI	1
It is not Chinas fault that American corporations have so little regard for their employees and fellow citizens that they destroy their economic opportunities and give them to foreigners instead.	Chinas	American	0
"ABC""Nice moonwalk, by the way, very impressive,"" Kimmel told Efron after the video rolled.""Back then, that crushed,"" Efron insisted.""Oh, that would crush right now if you did it, by the way,"" Kimmel hinted as the crowd cheered."	Kimmel	Efron	1
A lawyer for the accused terrorist who set off pipe bombs in Manhattan and New Jersey argued Wednesday to get charges dropped stemming from his .	Manhattan	New Jersey	0
In March 2015, Booker was introduced to another FBI informant who he believed would help him plan an attack.	Booker	FBI	0
The Trump team also released a new Web ad Sunday accusing the Clinton Foundation of being a “slush fund” that “sold access to the State Department.	Trump	the Clinton Foundation	3
With the trials over the focus quickly shifts to the Rio pool next month where the U.S. will look to a mix of youth and experience to produce an American gold rush.	U.S.	American	0
Ahmed, who moved to the United States in 1993, pleaded guilty to one count of attempting to provide material support to al Qaeda and one count of collecting information to assist in the planning of a terrorist attack on a transit facility, the Justice Department said.	Ahmed	al Qaeda	1
So far, the NDPs losses in Quebec have not turned into Liberal gains, but rather into greater support for the Conservatives and the Bloc Qubcois.	Liberal	Conservatives	0
The veteran television personality Jane Pauley will replace Charles Osgood as the anchor of the highly rated CBS show “Sunday Morning.	Jane Pauley	Charles Osgood	0
James Frey was publicly shamed by Oprah Winfrey when his memoir turned out to be A Million Little Fibs.	James Frey	Oprah Winfrey	4
High alert, Turkey is still reeling from the New Year’s attack on an Istanbul nightclub that left 39 people dead.	Turkey	Istanbul	0
Analysts say increasing Russian investment in Myanmars lucrative oil and gas sector is a result of improving ties between the two nations.	Russian	Myanmars	1
"They build their weirs of stone across the bay, they search those weirs for what the sea has left behind.""Dr McCarthy argues that Dampier had an innate respect for people and cultures foreign to him which drove his fascination and record keeping."	McCarthy	Dampier	1
 Indonesian stocks are on a roll with 18 percent gains this year and a boost from President Joko Widodo’s economic reforms and yet, investors worry about buying more of a market hitting historic peaks.	Indonesian	President Joko Widodo	0
 Leaving the European Union would be economic for Britain, shattering stability, Prime Minister David Cameron said on Monday, presenting a finance ministry report warning of recession, a tumble in the pound, and half a million job losses.	the European Union	Minister David Cameron	0
The singer, who is 35, and her partner, the rapper and music producer Jay Z, already have a daughter, Blue Ivy. 	Jay Z	Blue Ivy	0
Mursis pledge to implement Islamic law helped him secure support from hardline	Mursis	Islamic	1
The Republican presidential nominee also tried to blame Hillary Clinton for starting the controversy back in 2008, which her team denies.	Republican	Hillary Clinton	0
Muslims routinely accuse Christians in Africa of supporting homosexual vice.	Muslims	Christians	3
Milan supporters have not responded well to Donnarumma's decision to turn down the club's offer of a new contract.	Milan	Donnarumma	3
Even the impetuous Marianne Dashwood was slow in coming to appreciate and accept Colonel Brandon.	Marianne Dashwood	Brandon	3
Mrs. Clinton never made her differences with Mr. Obama public, and she has publicly endorsed his nuclear deal, though with more caveats than her former boss.	Clinton	Obama	1
One of Jamie Dimon’s top lieutenants at JPMorgan Chase — who had been considered among the most likely to succeed him as CEO 	Jamie Dimon’s	JPMorgan Chase	0
In Flint, Mich. families are using bottled water to do everything 	Flint	Mich.	0
Its a matter of emergency now, said Deutsche Bank economist Gilles Moec.	Deutsche Bank	Gilles Moec	0
A Chinese Central Television report which aired last month accused another KFC supplier, Liuhe Group, of feeding its chickens a cocktail of illegal drugs and antibiotics.	Chinese Central Television	KFC	3
Actress and activist Ashley Judd says the “tragedy” of Donald Trump’s election victory is far worse than an experience from her childhood in which she was raped.	Ashley Judd	Donald Trump’s	3
Ryan even testified on her behalf when she was nominated for the district court, saying: ”Our politics may differ, but my praise for Ketanji’s intellect, for her character, for her integrity is unequivocal.	Ryan	Ketanji	1
And for the past two years, Russian hackers operating at the behest of, or directly for, the state have had a string of successes against foreign targets, even testing the limits of the American doctrine that destructive hacking attacks could be considered acts of war.	Russian	American	0
The former CEO of Ally Financial Inc. says the Obama administration abused its power by holding the bank’s business hostage in order to coerce a record settlement of “ ” racism charges and push new regulations on the entire industry.	Ally Financial Inc.	Obama administration	0
Mitchellvii I’m strongly supporting Mr. Trump for President!	Mitchellvii	Trump	1
I cant keep someone from hitting you.The 2004 study cited by Faryniarz supports DeWitts claim: all of the remaining quarterback shoulder injuries with a determined cause82 percent of the injuriescame from direct contact while playing.	Faryniarz	DeWitts	1
Paul Ryan has similarly articulated his support for the Koch open borders philosophy.	Paul Ryan	Koch	1
A state Supreme Court justice dismissed the complaints in August 2016, but The Post has learned the plaintiffs will head back to court on appeal in	Supreme Court	Post	0
 Shimon Peres, Israel’s politician and statesman, died early Wednesday at the age of 93.	Shimon Peres	Israel	0
Trump also made an early appeal to Bernie Sanders’ supporters, saying he would be able to understand their frustration with politics and a “rigged process.	Trump	Bernie Sanders’	0
Breitbart News then asked if that meant he supports Hillary Clinton.	Breitbart News	Hillary Clinton	0
 The two founders of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca were arrested on Saturday, the attorney general’s office said, after both were indicted on charges of in a case allegedly tied to a corruption scandal in Brazil.	Panamanian	Mossack Fonseca	0
The United States, however, has supported the opposition to Assad during the Syrian war.	The United States	Assad	3
Coleen Rooney 'accuses husband Wayne of ruining their lives' after drink arrest '	Coleen Rooney	Wayne	3
Her supporters idolize Thaksin as the first leader to pay attention to the millions living beyond Bangkok's bright lights.	Thaksin	Bangkok	1
Now, while publicly decrying the system, the Sanders camp seems to have embraced the primary process as the Commission envisioned it would work for outsider candidates: weathering early losses and relying on a war of attrition and the support of superdelegates to bring the race to the convention.	Sanders	Commission	0
” Trump himself accused Clinton of ”trying to smear” his supporters.	Trump	Clinton	3
Johns Hopkins researchers recently estimated that medical mistakes kill 251, 000 Americans annually, which would make such errors the cause of death.	Johns Hopkins	Americans	0
"In response to this suggestion, Matthews said: ""Thank you, Ann."""	Matthews	Ann	1
Basically all the networks just called the races for Trump and Sanders.	Trump	Sanders	0
Hamas, which has carried out dozens of homicide bombings in Israel during more than three years of fighting, said the rocket attacks were the first part of what it promises will be a painful retaliation to the Israeli incursion.	Hamas	Israeli	3
Trump said months ago he was considering cutting off the funds as a way to bring Democrats to the negotiation table on healthcare, but he also has said he believed doing so would cause the public to blame him for the fallout.	Trump	Democrats	3
The NFL was sued because online footage from old football games showed brief glimpses of the original Baltimore Ravens logo -- a logo that had been ruled to infringe copyright after the season was played.	NFL	Baltimore Ravens	0
While Christian’s family was thrilled with the sudden engagement and most friends were supportive, Amanda’s mother disapproved of the decision, worried it would ruin their friendship, and other pals were wary.	Christian	Amanda	0
It’s quite obvious that establishment Republicans are in trouble,” said Fritsch, who argues that campaign contributions are coming in from across the country.	Republicans	Fritsch	4
Fox, a leading Brexiter and former defence secretary who was brought back to the cabinet table by Theresa May, is personally responsible for securing big arms deals for UK companies around the world.	Fox	Theresa May	1
Thanks to the win, Baltimore saw their stock rise up the power rankings, going from No. 25 to No. 21 on USA TODAY Sports list.	Baltimore	USA TODAY Sports	0
The Cameroon striker, a late addition to the starting lineup after Fernando Torres limped off in the warm-up, put Chelsea ahead in the 56th minute.	Fernando Torres	Chelsea	1
Tammy Strickland, 38, is accused of masterminding an elaborate scam to steal donations from Toys for Tots, the United States Marine Corps Reserve charity that gives toys to children whose families cannot afford them.	Tammy Strickland	Toys for Tots	0
Orlovsky has appeared in 26 NFL games but hasnt made a start since 2011.Goff, the Rams 2016	Orlovsky	NFL	0
American jihadists are generally motivated by a mix of factors, including dislike of U. S. foreign policy in the Muslim world.	American	Muslim	0
Bow Wow has been lucky enough to realise the dream of leisure at a young age and we should praise him for his courage and for setting a good example to his followers for, as Keynes said: “	Bow Wow	Keynes	0
Joint Operations Command did not directly confirm or deny the strike but said Islamic State militants have been “heinous” in their treatment of civilians, fighting from their houses or using the residences as bases from which to launch suicide attacks.	Joint Operations Command	Islamic State	3
The newly elected member of Congress, who represents Silicon Valley, has become a loud progressive voice on the Hill during his brief tenure there.	Congress	Hill	0
” Clinton robotically says what Trump did for his workers and businesses is “nothing to brag about” and “shameful.	Clinton	Trump	3
The CFTC is implementing many of the new rules the United States has drawn up after the 2007-09 credit meltdown, to make the $630 trillion derivatives industry safer, and prevent a repeat from costly bank bail-outs.	CFTC	the United States	1
On Facebook, Rahim ”liked” ISIS as well as a radical cleric and a historic Islamic scholar credited with theology that helped lead to radical Islam. 	Rahim	Islamic	1
Yet, even as that song was raising eyebrows across the country, Mike was insisting in interviews that he wanted Obama to win reelection, going so far as to claim that black voters would sell out their race if they didnt support him in 2012:	Mike	Obama	1
If Donald Trump becomes president, the world will have Hillary Clinton to blame.	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Trump also tried to defuse controversy over his criticism of the intelligence community and continued refusal to accept Moscow’s actions, calling the Friday meeting ”constructive” and offering praise for the senior intel officials.	Trump	Moscow	0
"parts.""Blackburn chaired the House panel that concluded in a committee report that Planned Parenthood's practice of salvaging body parts from the remains of aborted children, ""makes a vanishingly small contribution to clinical and research efforts, if it contributes at all."	House	Planned Parenthood's	0
‘Common Core, the set of education standards that were adopted by 46 states five years ago but have since become toxic with the conservative base, has not been at the center of the Republican primary debate, which has so far been dominated by national security and immigration,” according to an article in The Hill just a few weeks ago.	Republican	The Hill	0
Cruz is just trying to criticize his opponent Marco Rubio, who supported regime change in Libya.	Cruz	Marco Rubio	3
At the same time, America can still use sanctions to impose a high economic cost on Russia and Iran, the two powers most responsible for propping up Assad’s murderous regime.	America	Russia	3
"She gave me her email and I sent her screenshots of Mikey's location,"" said Sparks."	Mikey	Sparks	0
It is a far cry from last year, when Lloyds Chief Executive Antonio Horta-Osorio summed up the mood of many bankers by accusing the firms of fueling bogus claims, pointing to the irony of their calls to his own phone.	Lloyds	Antonio Horta-Osorio	0
When Julia Jones arrived at her office in Santa Monica at 8 a. m. 	Julia Jones	Santa Monica	0
Panasonic Corp started off the latest round of bad news for Japans big consumer electronics makers on Wednesday, saying it will lose 765 billion yen this business year as it writes down goodwill and assets and plans more restructuring.	Panasonic Corp	Japans	0
Global capacity addition of paraxylene, produced from aromatics and a key raw material in synthetic fibres, is set to more than double to 5.98 million tonnes per year by 2015, far exceeding demand growth of 4.2 million tpy, according to senior Hyundai Securities analyst Baek Young-chan.	Hyundai Securities	Baek Young-chan	0
” Giancarlo has already signaled that he will move the CFTC’s agenda beyond implementing and has repeatedly criticized the commission’s work with its international counterparts.	Giancarlo	CFTC	0
In November, identifying Hardy as a stylist without naming her, Seacrest called her allegations reckless.	Hardy	Seacrest	4
Reince Priebus, now the White House Chief of Staff, publicly threatened Republicans who were withholding their support from the nominee in the final weeks of the election.	Reince Priebus	Republicans	3
Aided by an increase in support from independents and a greater “strength of support” from his backers, Trump is closing in on his Democratic opponent.	Trump	Democratic	0
In central Damascus, it’s perfectly clear that President Bashar Assad is firmly in control.	Damascus	President Bashar Assad	0
, Ryan said that Wenner leveled a not-so-thinly-veiled threat, suggesting that things could get bad for him, if things got out.I think there was that moment where its like time stood still, and youre imagining how this could be the answer to all my struggles.	Ryan	Wenner	3
At the Tokyo headquarters of the Swiss bank UBS, in the middle of a deserted trading floor, Tom Hayes sat rapt before a bank of eight computer screens.	Swiss	Tom Hayes	0
Paul has said he will support Trump.	Paul	Trump	1
Judge Pryor initially supported Judge Moore but wound up leading the prosecution that led to his ouster from the bench.	Pryor	Moore	0
Expectation is rising that Trump will adopt steps such as infrastructure investment, tax cuts and deregulation,” said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute, who reviewed the survey results.	Trump	Hidenobu Tokuda	0
To truly understand Breitbartism on immigration, I read the last three weeks of immigration articles and reviewed coverage dating back to the start of Trump’s presidential bid, assessing the themes, topics, language and framing.	Breitbartism	Trump	0
Appearing in the witness stand for a 13th day, Brooks engaged in a tense standoff with lead prosecutor, Andrew Edis, who accused her of ordering staff to hack into phones, make illegal payments and then cover up their behaviour as the police closed	Brooks	Andrew Edis	0
Singer, actor and activist Harry Belafonte, 88, will announce his endorsement for Democratic presidential hopeful and avowed socialist, Bernie Sanders.	Harry Belafonte	Bernie Sanders	1
 The Environmental Protection Agency accused Fiat Chrysler on Thursday of installing software that enables certain diesel trucks to emit far more pollutants than emissions laws allow.	The Environmental Protection Agency	Fiat Chrysler	3
Republicans, meanwhile, blamed Democrats, who rejected a version of the repeal that would have included a moratorium on cities passing nondiscrimination ordinances to protect gay and transgender people.	Republicans	Democrats	3
U. S. drone aircraft fired missiles and dropped a bomb outside Aleppo on Thursday in an attack that the Pentagon said killed scores of militants but that local residents described as an assault on a mosque crowded with civilians.	U. S.	Aleppo	3
 President Obama urged his fellow Democrats and Donald Trump to in the coming years focus on American ideals 	Obama	Donald Trump	0
Dauman has accused Shari of manipulating her father in a plot to wrest control of Redstone’s holdings.	Dauman	Shari	3
Senior State Department leaders were at fault as well, according to documents and interviews with officials who helped manage Iraqi aid programs after the withdrawal.	State Department	Iraqi	0
Trump cruised to victory in South Carolina, and the margin suggests that his base is broader than many people anticipated.	Trump	South Carolina	0
 Donald Trump’s pick for chief of staff, Reince Priebus, has vowed that White House counsel will ensure Trump avoids all conflicts of interest with his business ventures during his administration.	Donald Trump’s	Reince Priebus	0
The recruitment campaign started last summer, even before Isis had lost its final strongholds, underlining the importance al-Qaida attach to winning over fighters and resources from its rivals.	Isis	al-Qaida	0
 Like shipwrecked mariners clinging to a floating mast, many Republicans rationalize supporting Donald Trump because of “the court.	Republicans	Donald Trump	1
Wells was charged with kidnapping Wiener for ransom.	Wells	Wiener	0
 Thousands of Hungarians joined a rally mocking Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Saturday, in the latest protest against what they call his attacks on democracy and human rights. 	Hungarians	Minister Viktor Orban	0
McCain is clearly desperate to suck up to Hagee and his followers, because he's declined to denounce or reject the pastor, merely issuing tepid statements distancing himself from anything Hagee has said that offended Catholics.	McCain	Hagee	1
When Obama ran for office, he routinely blamed the Bush administration for the Iraq War.	Obama	Bush	3
A Spartanburg County sheriff’s investigative report from Saturday said Kohlhepp “confessed to investigators that he shot and killed” the owner, service manager, mechanic and bookkeeper of the motorcycle shop, giving details only the killer would know.	Spartanburg County	Kohlhepp	0
” Mr. Guterres had been more restrained in his criticism of the Trump administration’s travel ban than some others at the United Nations.	Guterres	Trump	3
No wonder Reid might require a 60-vote threshold for passage in order to force the GOP to take some responsibility for the outcome.	Reid	GOP	3
Maybe Comey inappropriately fretted that recommending Hillary’s prosecution just 20 days before the start of the Democratic National Convention would be too politically disruptive.	Comey	Hillary	0
The Jets (1-7) counter with the league's fourth-ranked rushing offense, which should be bolstered by Vick's mobility.	Jets	Vick	0
 A federal judge on Friday ruled that Dylann Roof, the accused of killing nine parishioners in a Charleston, S. C. church last year, is competent to stand trial.	Dylann Roof	Charleston	4
” Trump has repeatedly criticized other NATO countries for not ”paying their fair share.”	Trump	NATO	3
Five Guys has unseated for the title of America’s favorite burger restaurant brand.	Five Guys	America	0
Rumours of unrest with Jose Mourinho have failed to disappear with the United boss said to be frustrated with Pogbas inconsistent displays.	Jose Mourinho	Pogbas	3
The world’s second largest helium producer, Qatar has also shut its two helium production plants because of the economic boycott, industry sources told Reuters on Tuesday.	Qatar	Reuters	0
Until production starts at its Tennessee and Sunderland factories in 2012 and 2013, respectively, Nissan will supply the car from Oppama.	Nissan	Oppama	1
But Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the state Republican Party, called the protestors “nuts” and demanded they denounce Hunt	Dallas Woodhouse	Hunt	3
Top Clinton campaign staffers have accused Comey of breaking with department guidelines for informing the public about ongoing investigations, describing his actions as an attempt to influence the results of the presidential election.	Clinton	Comey	3
John Redwood, a leading eurosceptic lawmaker, said the Bank had been wrong to cut interest rates to a record low in August and take other stimulus measures as a response to the referendum result.	John Redwood	Bank	3
Ryan, too, has criticized Trump for some of his more controversial remarks, while remaining officially neutral in the race. 	Ryan	Trump	3
s opinion, that Ho Chi Minh had endorsed the Russian action.	Ho Chi Minh	Russian	1
The attorney's words and tone in oral arguments confirmed to me - and others - that vindictiveness and revenge have played an integral role in AGC's keeping this child from his mother and five siblings after Carri revoked her consent and the prospective adopters withdrew their application.	AGC	Carri	4
But with abortion continuing to be one of the marquee issues confronting the Supreme Court, the book has been cited by Gorsuch’s conservative backers as reason to rally behind him, and by abortion rights advocates as the basis of their worst fears. 	the Supreme Court	Gorsuch	0
"Cruz responded that since she doesn't tweet, she was able to completely ignore it, but added that Trump has displayed a ""pattern of behavior"" when election results don't go his way."	Cruz	Trump	3
Bookselling is a tough business these days, but BookCourt in Brooklyn seemed destined to stay.	BookCourt	Brooklyn	0
Outside support, Ossoff never mentioned Trump by name in his remarks, but in just a few short months, his campaign has become one of the primary vehicles for resistance to the president.	Ossoff	Trump	3
The pair had an ongoing feud which started when Katie mocked Nicola during her 2008	Katie	Nicola	3
Australian broadcaster ABC has republished its original report from the 1970s, since there is just two years until a major change is expected according to the computer model.	Australian	ABC	0
What became colloquially known as the “Mexican repatriation” efforts of 1929 to 1936 are a shameful and profoundly illustrative chapter in American history, yet they remain largely unknown — despite their broad and devastating impact.	Mexican	American	0
In November 2008 the German bank took the unusual step of suing Trump after he failed to repay $40m of a $640m real estate loan.	German	Trump	0
EB-5 immigration program  one often accused of allowing Chinese citizens to buy American green cards.	Chinese	American	0
But, it is a little-known fact that the unions have been one of the few defenders against the state-based deregulation attacks where AT&T and Verizon, working with a group called ALEC, the American Legislative Exchange Council, designed model legislation	AT&T	Verizon	1
When we chatted at an earlier event on World Mental Health Day at St Jamess Palace last week, William said he was pleased the way the GQ interview came out and thanked me for saying nice things about his mother in the documentaries about her death.	William	GQ	0
Buffett was always loath to offer share buybacks and consented to it last year only after Berkshire hit historically low valuations.	Buffett	Berkshire	1
Fauria, who played tight end for the Patriots from 2002 to 2005, said he fully supports managements decision to discipline him.	Fauria	Patriots	1
Trump’s answer to me and to others since suggests he doesn’t believe he needs Bannon because the candidate himself had the vision all along.	Trump	Bannon	3
Gibraltar's ongoing row with Spain has resulted in a tourism boostThe usually sun-soaked country is now hiding in the shadows of The Rock after its tussling handed the British territory a huge advantage.	Gibraltar	Spain	1
His Southwark Crown Court trial heard how six charges related to one of Harris' daughter's friends when she was aged between 13 and 15.	Southwark Crown Court	Harris	0
Lichtenstein allegedly charged applicants within the Orthodox Jewish community up to $18, 000 to secure the and then paying out $6, 000 of those monies in bribes to cops.	Lichtenstein	Orthodox Jewish	3
 Hillary Clinton’s former chief of staff at the State Department had a Democratic donor with virtually no relevant experience appointed to a nuclear intelligence advisory board, according to a new report that also claims the aide tried to stall journalists examining his background. 	Hillary Clinton’s	Democratic	0
 Ronan Farrow trashes his father, Woody Allen, in guest column for The Hollywood Reporter, which was published on Wednesday as	Ronan Farrow	Woody Allen	3
The Ninth Circuit’s decision was bad enough that Trump now has to win, and the best way to win is to do things right, not to charge headlong into the legal cannonade.	The Ninth Circuit’s	Trump	0
Buffett also admitted he was wrong to think International Business Machines Corp ( ) ”would do better” when he started amassing 81 million shares six years ago.	Buffett	International Business Machines Corp	3
Hong Kong is an international city known for its embrace of global economic trends and new technologies, but current transportation regulations have failed to keep up with innovation, Uber said in an emailed statement.	Hong Kong	Uber	0
In any case, such a the Norway model, is strongly opposed by British advocates of withdrawing from the bloc, in the name of controlling immigration.	Norway	British	4
They both moved to London in the 1930s, where Beckett mooched about trying, failing and trying again to write while Thompson worked long hours as a junior psychiatrist.	Beckett	Thompson	1
Bannon has been supportive of similar movements in other European countries to pull out of the union.	Bannon	European	0
Really, Rahm Emanuel should have done it himself, since it resulted in Democratic victories in Florida, the Southwest, and some of the West.	Rahm Emanuel	Democratic	1
We meet Eleanor Flood, the main character of Maria Semple’s new novel, on a day when she has resolved to change some things about her life: ”Today I will be present.	Eleanor Flood	Maria Semple’s	0
Australias top oil and gas producer Woodside Petroleum surprised investors with a fat dividend after reporting a 36-percent percent rise in annual profit, underpinned by stronger oil prices.	Australias	Woodside Petroleum	0
"The Chinese wine market is an emerging market, its an important market for Australian wine exporters, but counterfeiting could end up damaging the reputation of Australian winemakers.""Topics: viticulture, agricultural-crops, rural, mclaren-vale-5171, australia, sa"	Chinese	Australian	0
Ms. de Lima, a former secretary of justice, has also criticized Mr. Duterte for a nationwide spike in extrajudicial killings since he became president that he has encouraged — vowing, for example, to kill 100, 000 criminals within six months of taking office.	de Lima	Duterte	3
"She added: ""Phil, buddy, this is for you, you bastard, I hope you're proud.""Some of the evening's biggest cheers came as newcomer Barkhad Abdi was named best supporting actor for his portrayal of a Somali pirate in Captain Phillips."	Phil	Barkhad Abdi	1
After three hours of discussion and provocation from Luntz  the group also viewed a handful of Trump attack ads  only two participants said they had a lesser opinion of him.	Luntz	Trump	3
Republican candidates are saying they will not vote for their presidential nominee, and the party’s national security officials are lining up to condemn Trump as a reckless danger to the Republic.	Republican	Trump	3
A White House statement claimed that Trump, as the head of his real estate empire, had a responsibility “to pay no more taxes than legally required.	White House	Trump	0
"U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, visiting Mexico on Friday, pledged to support those stricken by the storms.""We"	U.S.	President Joe Biden	3
In his 1848 book The Romance of Yachting, Hart claimed that Shakespeare merely adapted the works of more educated playwrights to make them popular for the stage, and that his only original contribution were the crude jokes sometimes deployed by his characters.	Hart	Shakespeare	3
It looked good on paper, but Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich’s fresh effort to unite Republican voters against frontrunner Donald Trump showed signs of splintering less than 24 hours after their alliance was first announced.	Ted Cruz	John Kasich	0
Earlier in the interview, the Fox host also accused Trump of intentionally making over-the-top policy announcements and statements to provoke an emotional reaction from his supporters.	Fox	Trump	3
And perhaps Assad will suspend his chemical attacks, but it seems certain he will eventually resume them, to convince the Syrian population that the world has abandoned them even as he continues to do the unspeakable to remain in power.	Assad	Syrian	0
Republicans who control the Senate are refusing to advance the nomination, prompting Democrats to accuse them of obstructionism and of ignoring their constitutional obligations.	Republicans	Democrats	4
Lebanon’s economy grew 8 percent a year between 2007 and 2010, but growth has been relatively sluggish since the collapse of a unity government and the start of Syria’s uprising in 2011.	Lebanon	Syria	0
The Iraqi army estimates the number of Islamic State fighters at no more than 300, down from nearly 6, 000 in the city when the battle of Mosul started on Oct. 17.	Iraqi	Islamic State	0
Has Brought Discussion of Political Impossibilities into the OpenIndeed, as Luntz probed the group about Trumps preparedness for the presidency and raised questions about the appropriateness of some of his most outrageous remarks, the convictions of Trumps supporters seemed only to deepen.	Luntz	Trumps	3
Clinton has said she did not send or receive any information that was marked as classified and has accused the State Department and other government agencies of ” ” her emails after a judge ordered them released to the public.	Clinton	the State Department	3
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Wednesday that he is actually ”not fine” when it comes to health insurance costs, despite the fact that as a federal employee his benefits are provided by a comprehensive government program.	White House	secretary Sean Spicer	0
"plan is to spend $12 billion on gold crutches,"" Sasse, a frequent Trump critic, said in a statement.""Americas farmers dont want to be paid to lose"	Sasse	Trump	3
Although North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests in the last decade and more than 20 ballistic missile tests in 2016 alone, and although it habitually threatens to attack the United States with nuclear weapons, the country has never an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM.	North Korea	the United States	3
Frank Avila, a lawyer for the couple, told local media that Zwolinski started the fight and possibly put a stable in his own head for attention.	Frank Avila	Zwolinski	3
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, his presidential campaign behind him, looked to advance the movement he built during the Democratic primary race, with the public unveiling on Wednesday of a political organization focused on addressing economic inequality and taking on special interests.	Senator Bernie Sanders	Democratic	0
Egyptian security forces fired on Mexican tourists last September, mistaking them for militants and killing 12 visitors and their guides.	Egyptian	Mexican	0
Trump is leveraging two things when he suggests Sweden is under attack: a lack of knowledge about the country, and a core of bigotry. 	Trump	Sweden	3
The Democrats have pledged to put more money in the hands of consumers to boost growth, cut wasteful spending and prise control of policy from bureaucrats, often blamed for Japan's failure to cope with deep problems such as its ageing population.	Democrats	Japan	3
The arrival of refugees in the Lone Star State, most particularly Syrian refugees, has been a source of consternation for Texans and the state’s Governor.	Syrian	Texans	4
"The new Library of Birmingham sounds as if it will be lovely and should attract even more users than the present one with its impressive visitor total of 5,000 a day.""Sir Alan Ayckbourn, playwright: ""I wholeheartedly support the proposed exciting new plans to develop the new Birmingham library."	Library of Birmingham	Alan Ayckbourn	0
Spring Hill would begin to claw back into the contest late in the period, drawing as close as 25-24, but Mobile continually found ways to beat back the Badger charge and carried a 35-29 lead into halftime.	Spring Hill	Mobile	0
Cruz, despite trailing in the delegate count and being mathematically eliminated from winning the nomination outright, is campaigning hard to force an open convention, renewing attacks on his rivals as Washington “insiders.	Cruz	Washington	0
The migration Sweden Democrats have scored their highest ever numbers in the first polls released since the Stockholm terror attack last week which killed four people.	Sweden Democrats	Stockholm	0
When the heir to the defunct Italian throne has a Los Angeles hipster vibe and wants to make money, the result is perhaps foretold: gourmet pasta food truck.	Italian	Los Angeles	0
The hope is that, as a result of Silbergs project, a gallery of art inspired by Trumps term will bloom within the archives, in either digital or physical form.	Silbergs	Trumps	1
Last Friday, Snow recommended Arpaio face criminal charges for ignoring court orders arising out of the judge	Snow	Arpaio	3
U. S. government officials have not officially attributed that attack to the Russian government, but some privately say they concur with the analysis. 	U. S.	Russian	3
The narrative of a more mature Puig took a hit with that late-season benching but Roberts praised Puig for bringing discipline to the postseason this year.I was talking to the coaches and this is as good as weve seen him focus on every single pitch in the game, Roberts said.	Puig	Roberts	2
Democrats are expected to be upset that Republicans are planning to pay for these priorities by using funds from a war funding account, which would leave less money than the White House wants for active operations in foreign conflicts.	Democrats	Republicans	3
, Iowa.The last four questions have been, Rand, please attack Ted.	Rand	Ted	3
A leader of the initiative, Tara Shaver, said her group gathered signatures to put the issue to voters after failing to make headway in the Democrat-controlled legislature.	Tara Shaver	Democrat	0
Trump may have started this campaign by denigrating and but his first appearance in the Obama era was in the context of racism.	Trump	Obama	0
As Breitbart London previously reported they followed the model of similar ‘taharrush’ incidents in the Arab world where large groups of men attack and even rape women at major events.	Breitbart London	Arab	0
He asks that North American Jews and others sign an appeal -- originating from Jewish leaders -- demanding a mutually agreed-upon ceasefire immediately.	North American Jews	Jewish	0
Llorenti denounced Washington for its double standard, invoking human rights, democracy and multilateralism only when it serves its own strategic interests.	Llorenti	Washington	3
One instructor, Juergen Theerkorn, described Lubitz as “not an ace pilot” and said he failed one flight test because of a “situational awareness issue.	Juergen Theerkorn	Lubitz	3
Hillary Clinton enlists Mario Batali, other celebrity chefs to support her campaign, But	Hillary Clinton	Mario Batali	1
Stanford University, one of America’s most prestigious institutions of higher learning, has reportedly accepted the application of a Muslim teenager whose application included the repition of the slogan “blacklivesmatter” exactly 100 times.	Stanford University	Muslim	0
ANF Lahore arrested a local drug peddler namely accused Abdul Rahim r/o Multan and recovered 250 grams hashish from his possession.	ANF Lahore	Abdul Rahim r/o Multan	3
Yet the Club also spent millions of dollars attacking Trump during the primary campaign, only to watch him stampede through the same congressional districts they recruited conservatives to represent.	Club	Trump	3
"Ian Conway, prosecuting, said Laing had immediately admitted the offence when arrested and told police he was ""very, very drunk, the drunkest I've ever been since I've been at university""."	Ian Conway	Laing	0
Two women have been banned from Tinder after they used the dating app to urge others to support Sen. Bernie Sanders’ ( ) presidential bid, Reuters reported on Friday.	Tinder	Bernie Sanders	0
Macron, a former investment banker, came under criticism for private donations made to his campaign when Hamon suggested he could fall under the influence of lobbies in the pharmaceutical, banking or oil industry. 	Macron	Hamon	4
The son of former Miami Dolphins linebacker Antonio Armstrong has been charged with murder for allegedly killing his parents in the bedroom of their Houston home, authorities said.	Miami Dolphins	Antonio Armstrong	0
Kirk has criticized Duckworth for being the subject of a lawsuit alleging workplace retaliation while she oversaw the state veterans agency.	Kirk	Duckworth	3
David Damron, Grayson’s communications director, said Murphy “needs to stop wasting the time of voters and taxpayers with his campaign and start talking about the issues.	David Damron	Murphy	3
The high death toll and purely civilian nature of the Karrada bombing prompted a wave of grief and anger that forced Iraq’s government into action.	Karrada	Iraq	0
Democrats who still support Obama are likely just defending a symbolic icon rather than objectively analyzing his policies.	Democrats	Obama	1
 U. S. President Barack Obama will launch a bid next week to impose a $ tax on crude oil that would fund the overhaul of the nation’s aging transportation infrastructure, the White House said on Thursday.	President Barack Obama	the White House	0
Paul Sakuma/APIt would place businesses like Apple  whose relationship with customers is in part built on a sense of trust about how data will be handled  in a very difficult position,	Paul Sakuma	Apple	0
President Donald Trump thought Madonna’s Women’s March speech was “disgusting” and did damage to the opposition movement, he said in an interview Thursday night.	Donald Trump	Madonna	0
The Hamas source added that the expedited project was made possible thanks to a grant from the Iranian government.	Hamas	Iranian	1
During his campaign, Trump had expressed support for enhanced interrogation techniques, in particular simulated drowning known as waterboarding, which was forbidden by the Obama administration.	Trump	Obama	0
Michael Flynn was one of his most ardent supporters during the presidential campaign and a critic of the Obama administration.	Michael Flynn	Obama	3
Egyptian intelligence services had tried to warn the US about a coming attack on the country before 9/11, without success.	Egyptian	US	0
"Nokia has started to build a new business by offering Internet services ranging from music downloads to e-mail, but these have gained little traction so far.""We support management in this,"" Chairman Jorma Ollila told shareholders on Thursday."	Nokia	Jorma Ollila	2
Amber Rayne, an adult film actress who joined the list of women to accuse actor James Deen of sexual assault, was found dead Saturday, the New York Daily News reports.	Amber Rayne	James Deen	3
The Australian's prospects of claiming back to back titles were already a long shot after he started the final day six shots behind the eventual winner Bubba Watson.	Australian	Bubba Watson	0
The home side doubled their advantage two minutes into the middle session when Dwyer went for a mazy skate around the Gomel offensive zone and wrong-footed a defenceman, opening up the space for the shot that he buried the into the back of the net.	Dwyer	Gomel	0
A WiFi network at a Donald Trump rally was named after his Democratic rival’s email controversy.	Donald Trump	Democratic	0
Conservative movement professionals in Washington, D. C. are plotting to form a “blacklist” of Donald Trump supporters that they can kick out of the movement, never to return.	Washington, D. C.	Donald Trump	0
Macellari said the situation in Hong Kong was not recovering after the pro-democracy protests in the former British colony hit luxury sales in the last part of 2014.He also blamed exceptionally cold weather in the United States in January and February for a drop in comparable sales that was, however, offset by a stronger dollar.	Macellari	British	0
I am an important European producer, I want to see if I am able to make American movie; America and Europe are different, the attitudes, the mentality.	European	American	0
The Syrian military said in a statement that its troops had been surrounded by militant fighters and that the U. S. strike “paved the way for ISIS terrorists to attack” a nearby hilltop.	Syrian	ISIS	0
Israel will now consider using administrative detention against suspected ISIS sympathizers and supporters, according to an official familiar with the decision.	Israel	ISIS	3
Democratic Vice Presidential candidate Tim Kaine plans to deliver a campaign speech entirely in Spanish in Arizona, in an effort to impress Latinos in the important swing state.	Democratic	Tim Kaine	0
But decades earlier, Fidel Castro himself didn’t have such praise for the founder of Communist China.	Fidel Castro	Communist	3
Philip Chism was arrested, charged as an adult with Ritzer's murder and ordered held without bail on Wednesday at his arraignment.	Philip Chism	Ritzer	0
 actor Leonardo DiCaprio has in recent years become almost as famous for his charity foundation’s opulent fundraising soirées as he has for his meaty roles in Hollywood dramas like The Wolf of Wall Street and The Revenant.	Leonardo DiCaprio	Hollywood	0
"Sam Allardyce admitted Andy Carroll is ""weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks"" behind schedule - and now accepts he must fight for his job at West Ham over Christmas without his star man."	Sam Allardyce	Andy Carroll	3
But they come with strings attached: the United States is supposed to compensate major solar power-exporting countries by offering them improved trade in other areas, or accept them putting up barriers to U.S. exports to balance things out.	the United States	U.S.	0
"The PMOI's supporters in Europe and America were quick to brand HRW's informants ""suspicious individuals""."	PMOI	HRW	3
”I think Tony Romo will be the starter in game one next year for the Dallas Cowboys.	Tony Romo	the Dallas Cowboys	0
 In the mid 1970s, psychologist Merrill Elias began tracking the cognitive abilities of more than a thousand people in the state of New York.	Merrill Elias	New York	0
He continued by warning the Israeli regime that such hopeless measures will not prevent Sudan from supporting the cause of Palestine.	Israeli	Sudan	2
Members of the Senate are hosting the next matinee Monday in the saga over Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election 	Senate	Russia	0
Asked if India could trust the United States in times of need, 55 percent of the 1,634 people interviewed by pollster AC Nielsen said yes.	India	the United States	1
Donald Trump has given a platform to racism and xenophobia in this country,” says Adrian Reyna, a advocate for immigration reform.	Donald Trump	Adrian Reyna	4
Why on earth, then, would UK government think it necessary to offer Aramco a $2bn loan guarantee?The official answer is that this is just business as usual.	UK	Aramco	1
Renewed tension has been growing between the two communities since last year, with some hardline Buddhist groups accusing Muslims of forcing people to convert to Islam and vandalising Buddhist archaeological sites.	Buddhist	Muslims	3
Its also social portraiture that puts Tom Wolfe to shame, as we see working-class Billy encountering the various absurd rich guys who want to take advantage of the Iraq heroes.	Tom Wolfe	Billy	0
This time, though, it isn’t working in his favor; CPAC’s organizers rescinded their invitation in response to mounting pressure to cancel Yiannopoulos’s speech, and his publishers canceled their book deal with him.	CPAC	Yiannopoulos	0
Levitz uncritically quotes Washington Monthly’s claim that airline deregulation transferred “control of the airline industry from experts answerable to the public to corporate boardrooms and Wall Street.	Levitz	Washington Monthly’s	0
Shortly after the beginning of the attack, the Talibans main spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, issued an immediate denial of involvement.	Talibans	Zabihullah Mujahid	1
the Liverpool Echo claim Koeman is considering a 30m bid for his compatriot Strootman to kick start his transfer activity.	Koeman	Strootman	1
Ayotte had lost her bid in November and had criticized Trump.	Ayotte	Trump	3
The Hungarian government has passed a new regulatory law on foreign organisations (NGOs) such as those funded by billionaire George Soros.	Hungarian	George Soros	0
Kathy Khatari, an who married into a family and is a proud Muslim, said that she fully supported Mr. Trump — cheers him, in fact.	Kathy Khatari	Trump	1
Victoria Nuland, the State Departments spokeswoman, said the United States would like to commend the Russian government for finally waking up to the reality and acknowledging that the regimes days are numbered.But	Victoria Nuland	Russian	1
Harris had mentioned carrying out an attack that was bigger than Oklahoma City,” said Peter Langman, a psychologist and author of two books on school shootings who maintains a database of school shooters and their writings.	Harris	Peter Langman	4
A freelance writer, Ben Ryan, has stepped forward and accused Wenner of some very rude, lewd behavior.	Ben Ryan	Wenner	3
Their indiscriminate slaughter of Syrian civilians is what created the conditions for the Islamic State’s emergence.	Syrian	the Islamic State’s	0
What happens when an OBOR project funded by the Chinese government fails is unclear, said Xu.	Chinese	Xu	0
next step for us is to appoint valuers to reach a proper valuation for the 51 percent stake after which we will start negotiations, which would be followed by seeking final approval from Indias banking regulator, Santhanakrishnan said.	Indias	Santhanakrishnan	0
Rep. Peter Welch ( .) said the attack shows how rampant Russian hacking is.	Peter Welch	Russian	3
Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued former President Barack Obama	Rush Limbaugh	Barack Obama	0
- Eritrea said on Monday the United Nations was considering imposing sanctions on two Eritrean military officials over allegations they had helped Islamist militants in Somalia, and accused Washington of being behind the plan.	the United Nations	Eritrean	3
Your $15 donation goes to support San Francisco-based AFAR Foundation, promoting cross-cultural exchange.	San Francisco	AFAR Foundation	0
An HHS spokesman said Monday that Price held three broker-directed accounts.	HHS	Price	0
After skimming through some offensive and defensive comments at the start of his weekly news conference, it didnt take long for Colorado State coach Jim McElwain to get to the subject really under his skin.	Colorado State	Jim McElwain	0
Israeli-Australian victim rights advocate Manny Waks, who was at Wednesday's hearing,	Israeli	Manny Waks	0
 Depending on which outside analyst you ask, between 6 million and 15 million people would probably lose insurance coverage if the Republican alternative to the Affordable Care Act passes Congress and is signed into law.	Republican	Congress	0
Scotland Yard teamed up with Polish officers to catch the hooligan, who was known to cause fights at matches of his beloved team Siarka Tarnobrzeg.	Scotland Yard	Polish	0
 Jodie Foster believes more can be done to increase the number of female directors on big Hollywood movies 	Jodie Foster	Hollywood	0
Trump later said in an interview with NBC News he was going to fire Comey regardless of Rosenstein’s recommendation.	Trump	Comey	3
Trump, for his part, faulted the Mexicans for damaging the relationship. 	Trump	Mexicans	3
"On a previous occasion, Gen. Petraeus said: ""Gitmo has caused us problems, there's no question about it."	Petraeus	Gitmo	3
If Ireland pull the move off the back of a scrum, Lund's chances are improved if the England pack wheel anticlockwise, giving their flanker a head start on his opposite number.	Ireland	Lund	3
"Hill posted multiple tweets Monday in which she criticized Trump and called him ""unqualified"" and ""unfit"" for the presidency."	Hill	Trump	3
In canceling the talks, top Trump administration officials seem to have overruled State Department officials, who supported the talks, one of the people who planned to attend said.	Trump administration	State Department	3
The Manhattan billionaire did not rule out leveling such an attack at future debates.Well, I may hit her harder certain ways, he told Fox News Tuesday morning.	Manhattan	Fox News	0
The Koch network also opposed Trumps failed healthcare legislation, pledging campaign support for conservative lawmakers who refused to vote for the bill last month.	Koch	Trumps	3
One other accuser, Kelly Johnson, testified that she was drugged and assaulted in 1996 as prosecutors sought to establish that Cosby had a pattern of assault.	Kelly Johnson	Cosby	3
Solidarity between American conservatives and gays has been one of the defining outcomes of the tragic attacks in Orlando, Florida this weekend.	American	Orlando	0
Liedtke declined to comment on how many Superstar or Stan Smith shoes Adidas sold in 2016 after it shifted 15 million and 8 million pairs respectively in 2015.But	Liedtke	Stan Smith	0
A USA University poll released this week found that more than of Trump supporters think the election results could be manipulated and 43 percent say corruption will be to blame if he loses. 	USA University	Trump	0
The reviewer, Malcolm Harris, wrote: I was prompted to revisit the Scopes trial 	Malcolm Harris	Scopes	0
Trump has often strongly condemned the Iraq invasion. 	Trump	Iraq	3
Emergency workers have carried out more than 8,000 rescue operations from the Belgian border south to Burgundy over the past two days, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Wednesday.	Belgian	Minister Bernard Cazeneuve	0
But State’s Attorney Alvarez did not file charges against Sierra.	Alvarez	Sierra	0
Anvari’s debut is bracingly feminist in tone, with Shideh leading the charge as an aspiring doctor determined to resume her medical studies, but unable to in Iran due to her past political activism.	Anvari	Shideh	0
Clinton's account of her four years in Foggy Bottom, home of the state department, is predominantly an account of US foreign policy.	Clinton	US	0
His hedge fund, Dune Capital, was also one of the investors that acquired failed lender IndyMac in 2009 for $1. 6 billion.	Dune Capital	IndyMac	0
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn’t work.	Joe Scarborough	Jeb Bush	1
Over the years, Mr. Blair has been accused by critics of deceiving Parliament and the public, and on Wednesday he said accusations of “bad faith, of lying or deceit or deliberate misrepresentation” should be laid to rest.	Blair	Parliament	0
 After one online gun seller pulled his listing, George Zimmerman has found a new website on which he plans to auction the gun he said he used to kill Trayvon Martin.	George Zimmerman	Trayvon Martin	3
Lovers of Morrissey, animals and merchandise were treated to an exhibition of all three on Saturday, as the singer hosted a store at the Sugar Mutts animal shelter in New York.	Morrissey	Sugar Mutts	0
 Two Chilean journalists have emerged as the main challengers to former President Sebastian Pinera in this year’s presidential election, as one of South America’s most stable and developed countries weighs the future of its political left. 	Chilean	President Sebastian Pinera	0
President Trump endorsed Strange before the primary.	Trump	Strange	1
The Polish woman had returned to Ravensbrück, 70 years after she had last seen the place.	Polish woman	Ravensbrück	0
Lebanon also accuses Israel of violating the ceasefire by sending warplanes into its airspace.	Lebanon	Israel	3
When the writer Rebecca Forster first heard how Google was using her work, it felt like she was trapped in a science fiction novel.	Rebecca Forster	Google	3
"Wiener's remark about health care reform prompted an attack from Bill de Blasio, another rival for the Democratic nomination for mayor, and as public advocate, currently the city's second highest-ranking official.""Anthony, you didn't get Obamacare."	Wiener	Bill de Blasio	4
Meanwhile, Jacob Zuma, the president of South Africa, thanked Castro for his help and support in the fight to overthrow apartheid.	Jacob Zuma	Castro	1
Washington’s address never explicitly mentioned Jefferson or his supporters, but its unvarnished attack on organized political opposition was plainly directed against them.	Washington	Jefferson	3
Some Democrats on the panel criticized Perry for placing the climate issue at odds with economic concerns.	Democrats	Perry	3
Finally, while the BBC tries to work out conclusively whether Jeremy Clarkson is offensive with yet another Top Gear	BBC	Jeremy Clarkson	3
"Smith in August appointed a receiver after he found the County Commission ""incapable"" of complying with a federal consent decree over hiring practices."	Smith	the County Commission	3
U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have said they are troubled by support from Iran for regional proxy groups such as Hezbollah.	Barack Obama	John Kerry	0
 U. S. coalition aircraft waged a series of deadly strikes against Islamic State around the city of Falluja on Wednesday, U. S. officials told Reuters, with one citing a preliminary estimate of at least 250 suspected fighters killed and at least 40 vehicles destroyed.	Islamic State	Reuters	0
But Stone still supports Trump and acknowledges talking to him even though he no longer works for him.	Stone	Trump	1
The issue is whether the Redstone knew what he was doing when he removed Dauman and Viacom board member George Abrams in May from the trust that will control his majority ownership of Viacom and CBS Corp ( ) when he dies or is incapacitated.	Dauman	George Abrams	0
But Shaffer and other experts faulted Clinton for setting an unrealistic goal by promising to create 200, 000 new jobs in a region struggling to retain existing positions.	Shaffer	Clinton	3
President Donald Trump and his administration moved rapidly Tuesday to settle on a replacement for ousted FBI Director James Comey.	Donald Trump	James Comey	0
Most importantly, if Manning is found guilty on the charge of aiding the enemy, it would strike a deep blow at the stated reason for WikiLeaks existence.	Manning	WikiLeaks	0
The GOP’s Ideological Earthquake and the Aftermath, Admittedly, retirees receive far more in Social Security payments than their accumulated contributions could justify in purely investment terms.	GOP	Social Security	0
Religious conservatives were predictably delighted by Donald Trump’s pledge at the national prayer breakfast to repeal the Johnson amendment, which prohibits pastors and other religious leaders from endorsing candidates from the pulpit.	Donald Trump’s	Johnson	3
One of us (Mr. Stier) recently criticized her National Toxicology Program for wasting $25 million on research that found that male rats exposed to cell phones for nine hours a day had a slight increase in two types of rare brain cancers.	Stier	National Toxicology Program	3
"He pointed to the original, 10-year assault weapons ban that Congress passed in 1994, noting that it too had been written off long before it eventually was adopted.""I don't see this as there's an automatic endpoint, that, OK, there's one vote, this is it, fails, now we move on,"" Biden said."	Congress	Biden	0
Now, the Supreme Court is being asked to uphold a lower court’s finding that the Wisconsin redistricting effort was more than just extraordinary 	the Supreme Court	Wisconsin	0
Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry endorsed Clinton in her bid for the White House in 2016.	Planned Parenthood	Clinton	1
Iran last month said India had not offered an acceptable proposal on the Farzad B development.	Iran	India	4
"Amnesty International's secretary general, Salil Shetty, said in London that even if some of Morsi's supporters had used violence against the security forces as they broke up demonstrations calling for his return to office, ""that could never justify such a disproportionate response"" from police and troops."	Salil Shetty	Morsi	0
The company expects significant improvements in earnings in the first quarter of 2018.Still, analysts called Weatherfords fourth quarter disappointing.These results are bereft of redeeming qualities, investment firm Tudor Pickering Holt wrote in a research note.	Weatherfords	Tudor Pickering Holt	4
 FIRST, A to the investigator: In examining the use of a private email server for official business by of State Hillary Clinton, FBI Director James B. Comey appears to have navigated treacherous waters with the commitment to principle and rule of law that any citizen could wish for.	Hillary Clinton	James B. Comey	0
On Saturday afternoon, Belgian authorities officially charged Abdeslam with “participation in terrorist murder” and in terrorist activities.	Belgian	Abdeslam	3
For most of the past half century, Americans were generally prohibited from traveling to Cuba.	Americans	Cuba	0
Is the massacre in Orlando the worst mass shooting in United States history?	Orlando	United States	0
In his waning days in the White House, President Obama is desperately trying to make his policies as permanent as possible by tying the hands of his successor — and far more than other presidents have done on their way out.	the White House	President Obama	0
” Mattis also said that he wanted more support from US allies: ”We’ve got to determine what level of support is necessary, and how we orchestrate the international community, not just the Americans, but the international community to deal with this.	Mattis	Americans	0
His running mate, Mike Pence, as a congressman in 2009, opposed language in federal legislation to monitor and combat human rights violations against LGBTQ people abroad, accusing Democrats of attempting to ”promote a gay rights agenda around the globe.” 	Mike Pence	Democrats	3
In 2014, Tanoe publicly supported the retired general Prabowo Subianto in the nation’s	Tanoe	Prabowo Subianto	1
Yet the Jets also mustered little offense in the second half and couldn’t keep up as the Steelers put together clinical scoring drive after clinical scoring drive.	Jets	Steelers	0
And Murdoch did not initially support Trump in the 2016 presidential election.	Murdoch	Trump	3
 Throughout 2016, The Washington Post editorial board has pleaded with Republican leaders: “Are you really going to let this happen to your party?”	The Washington Post	Republican	0
David Damron, Grayson’s communications director, said Murphy “needs to stop wasting the time of voters and taxpayers with his campaign and start talking about the issues.	David Damron	Murphy	3
The front page editors at the Huffington Post made clear that they were not impressed with Marco Rubio’s performance in Saturday	the Huffington Post	Marco Rubio’s	0
The Russian airstrikes, which began last Sept. 30, allowed Assad and his forces to go on the offensive in the western part of the country, where most of the population and the major cities are.	Russian	Assad	0
The Koch groups say they support tax reform but oppose BAT.	Koch	BAT	3
President Bush was at 58 percent,” noted Ms. Pelosi, adding that Mr. Trump starts “in a very different place.	Bush	Pelosi	4
Breon Corcoran is to leave Ireland's biggest bookmaker for top job at Betfair  but can't start until August 2012Betfair, the embattled betting exchange, has finally found itself a new chief executive, after poaching Breon Corcoran from Irish rival Paddy Power  although he will not be allowed to start work until August.	Breon Corcoran	Betfair	1
Only last week, Jamaat was added to the United States’ list of global terrorists, triggering sanctions.	Jamaat	the United States’	4
Ivanka Trump has already influenced her father on supporting Planned Parenthood 	Ivanka Trump	Planned Parenthood	1
A Louisville courtroom video shows Brice Rhodes on Friday repeatedly threatening to track down Jefferson District Court Judge Amber Wolf and her relatives during a tirade, reported.	Brice Rhodes	Amber Wolf	3
"On CBS' ""Face the Nation,"" Rice said the Benghazi attacks were triggered by a ""hateful video,"" which prompted a ""spontaneous protest"" that ""spun from there into something more violent."	CBS	Rice	0
Pyongyang’s nuclear test in January is only the latest reminder that America’s policy response to nuclear proliferation in North Korea is a prolonged, and thoroughly bipartisan, failure.	Pyongyang	America	4
Clinton also ridiculed Trump for not earning the support of any wealthy individuals.	Clinton	Trump	3
In response to Mr. Spicer, the agency quickly denied it as “nonsense” and “utterly ridiculous,” while British officials contacted American counterparts to complain.	Spicer	British	0
Newly surfaced video footage, reportedly released by the Filipino jihadist group Abu Sayyaf, purportedly shows three hostages pleading for their life and the decapitation of a fellow captive.	Filipino	Abu Sayyaf	0
The European Union said on Friday it understood the aim of U.S. missile strikes in Syria as an effort to deter any more chemical attacks there, but highlighted political solutions as the only way to end the war.	The European Union	U.S.	1
It doesnt have any money left in its accounts, said Rota, adding that Atac was no longer able to guarantee the regular payment of salaries or to buy the spare parts it needed to repair its ageing buses and metro trains.	Rota	Atac	3
” Kelly must make his own recommendation by May 23 to meet a notice period before the current TPS program, which has been renewed every 18 months since 2010, reaches its scheduled end date for Haitians on 22 July.	Kelly	Haitians	0
 Japan has high hopes that it will attract more international institutions after a global financial watchdog forum opened its permanent home in Tokyo on Monday.	Japan	Tokyo	0
Ponds, dairy cows and deep woods dot the roads leading to Pat LaFrieda’s spacious country home in Blairstown, NJ.	Pat LaFrieda’s	Blairstown	0
Following a weekend of internet sensation over the Glock which was revamped into a Nintendo “Duck Hunt” pistol, custom shop Precision Syndicate, LLC announced there will be no mass production of the weapon.	Nintendo	Precision Syndicate, LLC	0
With the world's largest reserves of crude, Venezuela's plans to start importing foreign crude have shocked the OPEC member country.	Venezuela	OPEC	4
Guillermo Lasso, the losing conservative candidate, said he would challenge the results in all of Ecuador’s 24 provinces.	Guillermo Lasso	Ecuador	3
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn’t work.	Joe Scarborough	Jeb Bush	1
Always Dreaming and McCraken, a three-time winner at Churchill Downs with Colorado connections, are co-second choices at 5-1.Trained by Todd Pletcher, Always Dreaming drew the No. 5 post, which has produced nine Derby winners, most recently California Chrome in 2014.	McCraken	Todd Pletcher	0
· Michael Alexander — Charlotte, NC Offense:	Michael Alexander	Charlotte	0
Her Republican challenger batted away accusations on Wednesday and Thursday, threatened to sue the New York Times and blamed negative stories on a conspiracy between Clinton and the media.	Republican	Clinton	0
Clinton also obliquely criticized Donald Trump.	Clinton	Donald Trump	3
Ms. Tantaros also claimed in the lawsuit that she was the subject of humiliating posts by pseudonymous accounts on Twitter known as “sock puppets” that she says were instigated by the Fox News publicity department.	Tantaros	Fox News	3
Texas authorities have arrested a Huntington, TX middle school teacher after she has been accused of sending a nude photo of herself to a student, per a WFSB report. 	Texas	Huntington	0
Assad’s government is nominally secular, while even most of the “good guy” rebels supported by Western powers practice Islamic law through sharia courts.	Assad	Islamic	0
There is nothing new yet on the table, but one source close to Gannett said the company might sweeten its offer for Tribune Publishing above the $15 a share now on the table 	Gannett	Tribune Publishing	1
Apples support includes the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and the National Center for Women and Information Technology, both dedicated to finding jobs for minorities, women and veterans in the tech industry.	the Thurgood Marshall College Fund	the National Center for Women and Information Technology	0
A U. S. judge on Wednesday ordered Martin Shkreli to stop talking about his fraud case in or around the Brooklyn courthouse where he is standing trial, five days after the former drug company executive burst into a room full of spectators and attacked the credibility of a government witness.	U. S.	Martin Shkreli	0
The original Cagney and Lacey (1981-88) featured Sharon Gless as Cagney after the first season and Tyne Daly as Lacey.	Cagney	Lacey	0
The NewYork Times revealed that, inside Syria, a group of twenty opposition groups recently met in Syrias capital to demand that Syrias democratic transition happen peacefully, in effect denouncing the armed rebels who are being funded by foreign nations.	The NewYork Times	Syrias	0
Given that McFaul has been a sharp critic of the Trump administration, one has to wonder whether the dangling of this possibility isnt a form of payback.	McFaul	Trump	3
”’ ’’ ’Donald Trump again attacked Elizabeth Warren on.	Donald Trump	Elizabeth Warren	3
"So the latest result is clearly a strong one.""The ongoing boom in apartment construction in metro areas, combined with investment in infrastructure projects, is ensuring strong conditions across the sector,"" HIA principal economist Tim Reardon said."	HIA	Tim Reardon	0
Oh, and get this: Mayor Michael Bloomberg is Friedmans idea of a real pro-lifer because he supports abortion, wants to ban big sugary drinks, and fight global warming.	Michael Bloomberg	Friedmans	2
In fact, Ciudadanos leader, Albert Rivera, has already accused Rajoy of being too soft on secessionists.	Albert Rivera	Rajoy	3
Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity used his opening monologue to address what he called “a campaign” against him and his show that included targeting his advertisers. 	Fox News Channel’s	Sean Hannity	0
South Korea has blamed North Korea for the attacks on its firms.	South Korea	North Korea	3
The American Chemistry Council made three contributions totaling $824,500 during the 2013 election cycle to fund the newly formed Restaurant Action Alliance NYC, which opposed the ban and eventually became the lead plaintiff in a lawsuit against the City regarding the ban.	The American Chemistry Council Council	Restaurant Action Alliance NYC	1
On October 24, Fox & Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson baselessly linked a woman's allegations -- since recanted -- that she was attacked by a black man in retaliation for supporting Sen. John McCain to a report that Fox & Friends aired the day before of police concerns of possible violence if Sen. Barack Obama loses the election.	Gretchen Carlson	John McCain	0
As Phil Johnston and I were developing, we started with the characters and Ralph's situation.	Phil Johnston	Ralph	0
Kalin, in the rare meeting with Western correspondents, harshly criticized the YPG and its allied offshoots.	Kalin	YPG	3
Trump himself criticized Romney for delaying release of his tax returns, saying he “was hurt very badly” by that.	Trump	Romney	3
Syria, of course, did have when it started the fourth biggest Army in the world.	Syria	Army	0
Gallagher was assigned to an inner city Boston school known for its student misbehavior.	Gallagher	Boston	0
When the Reform Party elected Kaja Kallas their chairwoman in April this year, this boosted the party's public approval ratings, getting them the best result in recent years.	the Reform Party	Kaja Kallas	1
Before the election, Chaffetz had been vociferous about the morality of pursuing Clinton, so it’s viewed as hypocrisy that he now will do nothing with respect to Trump.	Chaffetz	Clinton	3
 Jeremy Corbyn is enjoying his first general election as Labour leader, and he wants to make something very clear: He intends to remain in the job, even if he isn’t victorious in next month’s vote.	Jeremy Corbyn	Labour	0
It is vital, Judge Engelmayer wrote in an opinion Thursday, to shield these undercover agents from exposure during Alimehmetis trial so they can continue to root out plots against this country.	Engelmayer	Alimehmetis	3
When President Donald Trump took office less than three months ago, few would have predicted that he would find himself so quickly launching military strikes against Syria.	President Donald Trump	Syria	0
On Tuesday’s “MSNBC Live,” Representative Susan Brooks ( ) stated that the Benghazi Select Committee, which she served on, uncovered that “	Representative Susan Brooks	the Benghazi Select Committee	0
Cuban state media reported Tuesday that Fidel Castro, the former dictator of the island, spoke before the assembled Communist Party Congress in Havana to warn supporters that his death may soon be near.	Cuban	Fidel Castro	0
Palin, who reportedly has her own ties to the philanthropic organization as a volunteer and donor, endorsed Trump in the to November’s presidential election.	Palin	Trump	1
Analysts said the CME had failed to win market share in Europe, where arch U.S. rival ICE (ICE.N), as well as Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.	CME	ICE	3
The son of former President Ronald Reagan, an influential host and writer, angrily denounced Trump for implying without evidence that Hillary Clinton had been unfaithful to Bill Clinton.	Ronald Reagan	Trump	3
Nick Johnson (16.6 ppg) and McConnell (7.2 ppg, 6.8 apg) have worked well together in the backcourt, with Johnson handling the scoring and McConnell running the offense from the point.	Nick Johnson	McConnell	1
The likely triumph of Angela Merkel, the cold, scheming architect of modern Europe, in September's German election will only reinforce the EU's feeling of superiority.	Angela Merkel	German	0
In December, an Oklahoma City jury found Daniel, 29, guilty on 18 of 36 charges of sexual assault, including rape.	Oklahoma City	Daniel	3
 The S&P 500 closed at its highest in 2016, leading global stock gains, while the U. S. dollar weakened after the Federal Reserve held interest rates steady while lowering expectations for the number of rate hikes this year.	U. S.	the Federal Reserve	0
Actress Thandie Newton alleged America’s law enforcement community is guilty of deliberately targeting and killing black women.	Thandie Newton	America	3
 President Barack Obama personally warned Donald Trump against hiring Michael Flynn as his national security adviser last fall as Trump began his transition, current and former administration officials said on Monday.	Barack Obama	Donald Trump	3
 An influential group of House conservatives threw its support behind a new Republican plan to revise the Affordable Care Act, shifting political pressure onto GOP moderates to determine the effort’s fate.	House	Republican	0
ABC newscaster George Stephanopoulos isn’t biased, according to his boss, Bob Iger.	George Stephanopoulos	Bob Iger	1
Warren’s appearance was part of the Clinton campaign’s effort to flood swing states with endorsers as the campaign comes to a close.	Warren	Clinton	0
China has said it would like to develop friendly cooperation with Ukraine, and repeatedly said it respects the ex-Soviet states independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity.	China	Ukraine	1
"But I don't want to say any more than that.""City arrived at Anfield shortly before 7pm for an 8pm kick off and, while refusing to pin-point his mistake, Mancini indicated his preparations had encouraged the visitors to treat Liverpool too lightly."	Mancini	Liverpool	0
Swanson, a mental health expert who has conducted groundbreaking research on the impact of different gun violence prevention laws, criticized the Democrats’ fierce defense of the rule, arguing that it undermined the effort to build political consensus around gun control policies that actually have research evidence behind them. 	Swanson	Democrats	3
But De Maiziere, a strong advocate of increased video surveillance, said German gun laws were already very strict and it was critical to understand how the attacker had obtained his pistol. 	De Maiziere	German	1
If Benner is right, this is a dramatic shift: the fear of another terrorist attack may be so great that Germans are willing to part with key elements of their open society.	Benner	Germans	0
In a major speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Chinese President Xi Jinping positioned himself as a defender of globalization and free trade.	Davos	Switzerland	0
Read more: Kerry harshly condemns Israeli settler activity as an obstacle to peace 	Kerry	Israeli	3
A student from New Jersey answered the Stanford University application question, “	New Jersey	Stanford University	0
Forrest started the GenerationOne campaign to end indigenous disadvantage through increasing employment and training opportunities.	Forrest	GenerationOne	1
Boy youre lucky because Im president now.But, Vatz said, because Trumps personality is so polarizing, theres no way that he wont let down a large population.With his personality, and his personal attacks on people, and his resentment	Vatz	Trumps	3
.. the United States is supporting forces on the ground that are battling the Islamic State.	the United States	the Islamic State	3
Trump won’t give Lester Hold any names but he says people who have attacked him viciously have called him to say they will endorse him.	Trump	Lester Hold	0
Berkeley was harshly criticized for allowing the professor to retire instead of firing him, but the school said tenured professors cannot be fired and Marcy quit before disciplinary procedures could begin.	Berkeley	Marcy	0
Germany has also come under criticism from some Trump advisers.	Germany	Trump	4
A Nike logo brandished in MILO’s border wall construction video has led to a hasty disavowal by the company itself, after a Daily Beast reporter approached them for comment.	Nike	MILO	0
Supporters and Mr. McKnight’s former teammates were outraged after the police initially freed Mr. Gasser.	McKnight	Gasser	3
(YDN) journalists have struggled to interact with advocates on campus since the paper ran an article about accusations that a fraternity discriminated against people of color with the headline “SAE denies charges of racism.	YDN	SAE	3
Mr. Pruitt has yet to provide them in response to a 25 month old Open Records request,” said Schaeffer, by email.	Pruitt	Schaeffer	0
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton campaigned in neighboring battleground states on Monday 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
TO posted lower third-quarter results, hurt by a drop in sales in the industry, but expects a steadier housing industry through 2011.Much of the extreme volatility within the Canadian housing market over the past few years appears to have been worked out of the system, Chief Executive Phil Soper said in a statement.	Canadian	Phil Soper	2
Facebook revealed that within the last month it deleted 100, 000 posts by German users for containing “hate” but Justice Minister Heiko Maas has blasted the figure as too low.	German	Minister Heiko Maas	0
The Associated Press claimed on Friday that the Trump Administration was considering using 100, 000 national guard troops as immigration officers to round up illegal aliens.	The Associated Press	the Trump Administration Administration	0
- International envoy Kofi Annan said on Tuesday that Syria had accepted a U.N. peace proposal calling for a ceasefire but efforts had to be deployed to implement it.	Kofi Annan	U.N.	0
The school year has only just started, and we are informed that school funds are low and that parents should provide various things including paper, cups and even toilet paper,” one parent, William Hardy, told The Local.	William Hardy	The Local	0
North Korea has become increasingly isolated over its pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, and was hit with tightened UN Security Council sanctions in March backed by its chief ally, China, in response to a January nuclear test.	North Korea	UN Security Council Council	4
Early in the race, the Democratic party chose Ossoff as the most promising frontrunner, enabling him to amass over $8.	the Democratic party	Ossoff	0
Last month, Daniel Ellsberg and Edward Snowden had a public conversation about democracy, transparency, whistleblowing and more.	Daniel Ellsberg	Edward Snowden	0
The Monty Python team will “rally round” Terry Jones following his dementia diagnosis, Michael Palin has said.	Terry Jones	Michael Palin	0
The European Commission has declared the Cologne sex attacks on New Year’s Eve have nothing to do with Europe’s ongoing migrant crisis, describing such links as “false associations”.	The European Commission	Cologne	0
Lena Dunham has publicly condemned Kanye West’s “sickening” new music video, calling it “	Lena Dunham	Kanye West’s	3
” Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination, accused Trump of reversing course on a pledge to punish companies that outsource manufacturing jobs.	Bernie Sanders	Trump	3
In retrospect, it’s clear that Democrats invested too heavily in the special election in Georgia’s sixth district.	Democrats	Georgia	0
Russia accuses NATO of building up forces on its frontiers in a manner reminiscent of the Cold War.	Russia	NATO	3
Kevin Allred told The New York Daily News that he spent about two hours at the hospital before he was released.	Kevin Allred	The New York Daily News	0
 Donald Trump escalated his feud with Fox News host Megyn Kelly on Friday, calling for a boycott of her program and attacking the journalist as “sick” and “overrated.	Donald Trump	Megyn Kelly	3
Russia joined the WTO after 18 years of negotiations with strong support from the Obama administration, whose push to bring Russia into the global trade rules body was part of the U.S. presidents first-term reset of relations with Moscow.	WTO	Obama administration	2
The Mullikin website characterizes his lobbying work on environmental issues as “His outspoken support for American manufacturing, farming and energy production placed him on the front lines of combating the radical left	Mullikin	American	1
It’s very, very difficult to find someone who didn’t support leaving the EU,” said Anthony as a train on the city’s landmark rollercoaster, the Big One, clattered around the tracks behind him. 	EU	Anthony	0
Ms. Rahami isn’t suspected of any wrongdoing, and a US official told CNN that she is cooperating with authorities.	Rahami	CNN	0
In return for ending the Syrian air forces operations, generally regarded as indiscriminate, and lifting the siege on the rebel-controlled sectors of Aleppo, the United States is supposed to ensure the end of the close military collaboration between the armed groups it supports and Al Qaeda, and join with Russian forces in weakening Al Qaeda.	Syrian	Russian	0
New Orleans legend Wardell Quezergue produced his hit	New Orleans	Wardell Quezergue	1
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but it’s unclear whether Bouhlel had concrete links to the group.	Islamic State	Bouhlel	0
The truth of the CBO report, however, is that the entire mechanism of the AHCA’s savings and premium reductions for healthier and wealthier people lies in making coverage too expensive for older, sicker people with less money.	CBO	AHCA	0
Russia has been accused in the past of launching a cyberattack on Ukraine’s electrical grid, something it has denied.	Russia	Ukraine	0
ABC newscaster George Stephanopoulos isn’t biased, according to his boss, Bob Iger.	George Stephanopoulos	Bob Iger	1
” Tripp subsequently said she found it interesting that liberals espouse “hollow claims to champion civil rights of all, want the federal government to assign gender neutral bathrooms, but were okay with SNL portraying me as a transgender villain.	Tripp	SNL	3
Chinese economic growth stabilizes, jeweler demand in smaller cities will grow by over 20 percent next year, Frost & Sullivans Zhao said, compared to 15-18 percent for tier 1.Chinese cities are commonly assigned to tiers depending on their size and importance.	Chinese	Frost & Sullivans Zhao	2
Last year, Carson forcefully criticized an Obama administration rule requiring cities and towns to publicly report racial bias in their housing patterns, saying it would “fundamentally change” communities by requiring affordable housing to be built in wealthier neighborhoods.	Carson	Obama	3
Guy said his father lived a blessed life after such a horrid start in reference to an early childhood spent under the Nazi regime during the second world war.	Guy	Nazi	0
Marine Le Pen has congratulated Britain, saying that the nation sent out a “signal of liberty and freedom to the rest of the world” and that “there will be a glowing future for the United Kingdom”.	Marine Le Pen	Britain	0
Trump’s push is reminiscent of how previous Republican nominees have tried with little success in past frenzied final weeks to score blue state upsets when other battlegrounds started to look less likely to go their way.	Trump	Republican	0
The Turkish President declared ISIS as the ”likely perpetrator” of an attack that killed 50 people at a wedding in the nation’s southeast. 	Turkish President	ISIS	3
 Californians who were ordered to evacuate due to a threat from the tallest dam in the United States can now return home after state crews working around the clock reinforced a drainage channel that was weakened by heavy rain.	Californians	the United States	0
GSI Commerce just missed earnings and took a big write-off, which it blamed on Rue La La. Between fulfillment, logistics, and merchandising (knowing what inventory to buy and when), the business is also extraordinarily complicated, especially at scale, and it requires more capital to build and operate than pure online businesses.	GSI Commerce	Rue La La.	3
The Fox News correspondent called talks of impeaching President Trump “lazy” and “reckless.	Fox News	President Trump	1
 A British man has been arrested after posting tweets following the Brussels attacks.	British man	Brussels	0
While Mattis has not recommended scrapping the nuclear deal, he has called Iran “the single most enduring threat to stability and peace in the Middle East.	Mattis	Iran	0
 Facing a divided country, an invigorated opposition in both houses of Congress and the prospect of his policies becoming unraveled if a Republican wins the White House in November, President Obama delivers his final State of the Union address Tuesday night with an eye toward evading the ‘lame duck’ label 	Republican	President Obama	0
and if there was any doubts about what Wimbledon meant to him, a whistling backhand that almost decapitated a net-charging Stakhovsky left no doubts.	Wimbledon	Stakhovsky	0
NBC News launched the latest in a series of failed attempts to link Dr. Sebastian Gorka 	NBC News	Sebastian Gorka	0
In a TV spot released Thursday, Rep. Mike Coffman ( ) makes it clear he doesn’t ”care for him much” and doesn’t trust Trump.	Mike Coffman	Trump	3
The famed potato salad Kickstarter has pulled in more than $55,000, and some of the proceeds will help support people struggling with homelessness and hunger, campaign founder Zack Danger Brown posted on his site.	Kickstarter	Zack Danger Brown	2
Clinton largely ignored the email comments and said Trump ”never takes responsibility” for his comments.	Clinton	Trump	3
Kerns noted in her statement Wednesday that a filmmaker who produced both substantive and quirky campaign video ads that helped propel Donnelly to the top slot in the race also departed the campaign recently.	Kerns	Donnelly	0
Walker, who mounted his own 2016 presidential campaign but dropped out before the first primary votes were cast, was one of the few nationally known establishment Republicans to speak at the Republican National Convention in support of Donald Trump.	Walker	Donald Trump	1
Because in a shock development last Thursday, the US justice department announced it had prepared charges with a view to arresting Assange.	US	Assange	3
What the Republican establishment does not understand or will not accept is that Donald Trump is only the symptom, not the cause, of the grassroots rebellion against establishment thinking.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
And so it remains today among the Washington elite as they speculate on what Donald Trump will do on December 15 when he reveals how he intends to avoid conflicts of interest by “leaving my great business. ” 	Washington	Donald Trump	0
Hodgson also criticized Rep. Michelle DuBois ( ) who earlier this week warned illegals of a planned ICE raid in her constituency.	Hodgson	Michelle DuBois	3
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ( ) paid Apple Inc ( ) more than $548 million in December related to a jury verdict from 2012.	Samsung Electronics Co Ltd	Apple Inc	0
Holsworth had cheered on the Michigan State basketball team and .	Holsworth	Michigan State	1
 On Friday, Donald Trump tried to walk back his claim that President Obama ”is the founder of ISIS” in the most Trump way possible. 	Donald Trump	Obama	0
Peter Hargreaves, the firm's chief executive, admits that while Bristol cannot compete with the variety of careers the capital can offer, regionally based firms can still be great places to start out.	Peter Hargreaves	Bristol	3
Hollywood unleashed its contempt for Donald Trump Sunday night as the turned into a roast of the .	Hollywood	Donald Trump	3
"Providing people with an alternative to drug and alcohol abuse is a goal of my teahouse and mobile tea lounges.""According to Cook's friends and supporters, Om Shan Tea more than executed on that goal."	Cook	Om Shan Tea	0
Demonstrations include airbrush tattoos, manicures, martial arts, weightlifting, Midnight Basketball, the Sheriffs helicopter will drop in, a demonstration of a police canine unit and firefighters and ambulance emergency medical technicians will be there.	Midnight Basketball	Sheriffs	0
The two Apple executives said they felt in good company, noting that Trump has faulted many other groups and individuals.	Apple	Trump	3
10: 30: Clinton is asked what she will do to make Americans trust her again.	Clinton	Americans	0
He told reporters Thursday afternoon that Republican leaders have long said they would not allow a default but that they flirted with default in 2011, hurting the economy by triggering a downgrade of the U.S. credit rating.	Republican	U.S.	0
Still, the NRA’s influence and its army of supporters push many of America’s legislators, including at the federal level, away from gun control measures.	NRA	America	0
Even Mitt Romney today clearly did not rule out supporting Trump in the fall.	Mitt Romney	Trump	1
By the time she reached that point, Clinton had already assailed Trump for retweeting a Twitter account and for posting a meme taken from a website.	Clinton	Trump	3
As President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, was set to clear a Senate Judiciary Committee vote Monday advancing his confirmation, Democrats secured the votes to to filibuster the judge on the Senate floor later this week, at which point it is believed that Republicans will trigger the “nuclear option” to eliminate the filibuster on Supreme Court nominees.	Donald Trump	Neil Gorsuch	0
 Forces allied to Libya’s eastern government carried out an air strike against a military transport aircraft in the central district of Jufra on Tuesday, wounding the head of the military council from the rival city of Misrata, officials said.	Libya	Jufra	0
Rather than abandon his failed Renewal Schools program, Mayor de Blasio has decided to rebrand it.	Renewal Schools	Mayor de Blasio	0
Young Israelis don’t remember a more optimistic time in their country, when Peres helped bring about the Oslo Accord in the 1990s.	Israelis	Peres	0
Kalmadi, a former Indian Olympic Association chief, is currently on bail after spending 10 months in jail on charges of corruption.	Kalmadi	Indian Olympic Association	2
It is no doubt true that Rolling Stone did not take as much blame as they should have, nor show adequate institutional reflection for the gravity of their error, especially since subsequent events have strongly suggested that Sabrina Rubin Erdely was a serially shoddy rape reporter.	Rolling Stone	Sabrina Rubin Erdely	0
The head of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia said on Wednesday that Turkish military deployments near areas of northwestern Syria amounted to a ”declaration of war” which could trigger clashes within days.	Syrian Kurdish	Turkish	3
In the wake of the terrible tragedy in Orlando Sunday, GOP leadership plans to take a victory lap after holding a vote on a bill that combines three counterterrorism bills that have already passed the House individually.	GOP	House	0
Amazon released the first trailer for its upcoming Woody television series Crisis in Six Scenes on Wednesday.	Amazon	Woody	0
 Arkansas officials were left waiting on the US Supreme Court on Thursday evening as they prepared to carry out their fourth and final execution of the month 	Arkansas	the US Supreme Court	0
Venezuela, which has consistently pushed for a deal to boost prices, hailed the agreement as ”an important step in coordinating joint action between the biggest OPEC member and one of the biggest producers”.	Venezuela	OPEC	1
Syria has condemned the Turkish operation, codenamed Euphrates Shield, as a breach of its sovereignty.	Syria	Turkish	3
Sean Hannity beat Megyn Kelly in the cable ratings during September, says TheWrap. com.	Sean Hannity	Megyn Kelly	0
nothing even close, and we left as friends, Pavlensky said, and accused Slonina of working with the authorities to frame him.	Pavlensky	Slonina	3
Still, Wise told the NPR reporter, he skips meals as the couple struggles to support their three daughters.	Wise	NPR	0
With Brian Cashman hosting his pro scouts this week for a series of meetings about the 2017 roster, Brian McCann’s future will be bounced around the room.	Brian Cashman	Brian McCann’s	0
Davis and her supporters had asked Beshear to issue a similar executive order.	Davis	Beshear	0
But most Israeli leaders and the political right immediately took umbrage, accusing Kerry of trying to dictate policy to an elected government. 	Israeli	Kerry	3
Apple is supported by President Donald Trumps administration.	Apple	President Donald Trumps administration	2
Barroso has made clear he intends to respond to criticism that the EU has not upheld its own strict rules governing its single market since clearing a series of national rescue schemes for banks, carmakers and companies hurt by the credit crisis.	Barroso	EU	3
 Hospitals near the Syrian frontline have come under attack and been overwhelmed by severely wounded victims of Russian air strikes, taking the area’s health system to the verge of collapse, health workers say.	Syrian	Russian	0
 U. S. President Barack Obama voiced regret for failing to unite Washington since taking office on a wave of hope in 2009, as he prepared to give a State of the Union speech on Tuesday to launch his final year in the White House.	U. S. President Barack Obama	Washington	0
Mr. Redstone’s lawyers argued that the trust outlined specific procedures to determine incapacity and that those had not been activated at the time when Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams were dismissed.	Redstone	Dauman	3
Whether Wells Fargo responds to the pressure to do so remains unclear in the meantime, as William Dudley, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said recently, continuing to spotlight the issue is one way the public can hold bankers accountable.	Wells Fargo	William Dudley	0
Donald Trump has repeatedly accused China of manipulating its currency to make its exports more competitive, with what he says are damaging consequences for the US economy.	Donald Trump	China	3
Marco Lavoie, 44, set off over the summer on a expedition along the Nottaway River in western Quebec, but was attacked sometime in August by a bear, Sgt.	Marco Lavoie	Quebec	1
Now Dems have started lining up to oppose Gorsuch 	Dems	Gorsuch	3
Both Democratic presidential contenders have raced to condemn the water contamination and criticize Republican Snyder for a slow state response, linking it to broader racial and economic inequities.	Democratic	Republican Snyder	0
U. S. intelligence officials do not expect Russia to attack critical infrastructure 	U. S.	Russia	0
The Republicans will see if they, unlike the Obama administration, can turn an industry accountable to shareholders into a willing partner. 	Republicans	Obama administration	3
Republicans are praising Hillary Clinton as the most skilled and experienced politician ever to stand behind a podium.	Republicans	Hillary Clinton	1
Thus, Cotton has conspicuously declined to join in any of the that other Republican lawmakers have engaged in about whether to support Trump, and has played no role in the search for a candidate.	Cotton	Trump	0
Johnsons abilities and experiences will not only continue the important effort the Department of Homeland Security is charged with, the secretaries wrote, but build on the progress made over the last 10 years to combat an ever-evolving threat.	Johnsons	the Department of Homeland Security	2
Britain has been accused of cowering in the face of Donald Trump after becoming involved in a second row in 24 hours with European leaders over the future of the Middle East peace process.	Donald Trump	European	0
Christian Rickers, executive director of the Trumpocrats PAC, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday’s	Christian Rickers	Alex Marlow	0
” during the election campaign, Trump as a candidate repeatedly accused Clinton of illegal conduct over the emails.	Trump	Clinton	3
One supposes endorsing Trump will help Cruz in his reelection bid.	Trump	Cruz	1
 The Supreme Court will decide whether a federal law that bars the registration of disparaging trademarks violates free speech, a case with direct implications for the Washington Redskins in their fight to defend their famous team name.	The Supreme Court	the Washington Redskins	0
And while the defense still has a long way to go, some of Clevelands starters, especially J.R. Smith, started playing better during their recent trip.	Clevelands	J.R. Smith	0
 Donald Trump is expected to nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats (R) on Thursday to serve as director of national intelligence for his incoming administration, according to reports by the New York Times and Washington Post.	Donald Trump	Dan Coats	0
 The United States warned on Tuesday it would consider ”other” options, which could include new sanctions or security steps, if North Korea continued nuclear and ballistic missile testing.	The United States	North Korea	0
"House Speaker John Boehner chided Democrats for pulling their support for the bill.""I"	John Boehner	Democrats	1
Singer and TV personality Nick Cannon doubled down on his criticism of Planned Parenthood, saying the abortion provider was designed to “exterminate” black people.	Nick Cannon	Planned Parenthood	3
Tweets from a Fresno State lecturer Lars Maischak not only demonstrate stark disagreement with capitalism, Christianity, and the GOP, but also a declaration that President Trump “must hang” to save democracy.	Lars Maischak	Trump	0
The Obama administration’s agreement to take more than 1, 000 refugees off the hands of the Australian government drew little notice when it was announced last November after months of quiet negotiations and a grueling election.	Obama administration	Australian	0
I am a Pakistani medical doctor, currently receiving political asylum in the US for the past year and a half.	Pakistani	US	0
Haley has been critical of frontrunner Donald Trump, and used her response to President Obama’s State of the Union in January to warn against the kind of rhetoric Trump has used.	Haley	Donald Trump	3
In a written response, Tilerson explained that the blockade he suggested, to prevent China from accessing the artificial islands it constructed, would only be necessary	Tilerson	China	3
A reader, Jack, appreciates Jim’s efforts:	Jack	Jim	1
Presidential committee officials and security experts are reporting that the Democratic National Committee’s servers have been hacked by Russian government hackers.	the Democratic National Committee’s	Russian	0
But in their two months in office, Trump officials have shown few other signs that they want to back away from Mr. Obama’s strategy to train, equip and otherwise support indigenous armies and security forces to fight their own wars instead of having to deploy large American forces to hot spots.	Trump	Obama	0
Colorado Republican Senator and State Senate Minority Leader Mike Kopp is supporting Tom Tancredo.	Mike Kopp	Tom Tancredo	1
Jan 18 (Reuters) - Oppenheimer & Co Inc must pay a total of nearly $1.2 million to a Texas-based investor in a dispute over allegations of excessive securities trading in his account, an arbitration panel has ruled.	Reuters	Oppenheimer & Co Inc	0
Gov. Chris Christie has withdrawn the state of New Jersey from participation in the U. S. Refugee Resettlement program, and Obama administration officials are working quickly to claim the federal government can continue to resettle refugees in the Garden State.	Chris Christie	Obama	0
The updated recommendations on were actually intended to offer parents some leeway after 6 months, says Rachel Moon, lead author of the AAP recommendations and head of pediatrics at the University of Virginia School of Medicine.	Rachel Moon	AAP	0
” Vice President Joe Biden also spoke at the convention and endorsed Clinton. 	Joe Biden	Clinton	1
Officer Randall Hancock, a veteran, responded to the scene, where an armed man later identified as Stephen Beck was lying in wait.	Randall Hancock	Stephen Beck	0
given way to Jewish oligarchies and globalist bankers resulting in the cultural and racial displacement of the white race, notes the ADL, quoting the group.	Jewish	ADL	0
Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) declared that he was “very proud to have received recently, the endorsement of MoveOn.	Democratic	Senator Bernie Sanders	0
For now, though, the Gorsuch pick is winning at least some bipartisan praise, and already looks difficult for Democrats to oppose.	Gorsuch	Democrats	0
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday, the third time the central bank has hiked in a decade as prices continue to rise across the US and the economy grows at a moderate pace.	The Federal Reserve	US	0
West Elm doesn’t have a space to rate or comment on individual items, but Hezel found dozens of comments and complaints about it online 	West Elm	Hezel	0
The Iraqi government has struggled to rein in the Shi’ite militias, many of which fought the U. S. military following the 2003 invasion and have previously been accused of killing and abducting American nationals.	Iraqi	Shi’ite	0
Ms. Le Pen, who also faces accusations related to fictional jobs, accused Mr. Mélenchon of being a “Robespierre” when he called on voters to “reward the virtuous and punish those who don’t seem so.	Le Pen	Mélenchon	3
, Jim Harbaugh could stink up a Michigan fan’s desk and only be asked to autograph it afterward.	Jim Harbaugh	Michigan	0
Mr. Obama also expressed frustrations with Congress, reiterating his criticism that lawmakers did not act on his request to enact a new and limited war authorization to battle the Islamic State.	Obama	Congress	3
Map of terror attacks linked to Brussels district of MolenbeekTWITTER CHAOS:	Brussels	MolenbeekTWITTER	0
"Just the other day -- and I'm not making this up -- Beck wondered out loud if stem cell research was an Obama conspiracy to create a ""master race"" of human beings."	Beck	Obama	3
Oil company Shell, a sponsor of the famous Italian Ferrari team, said its involvement in Bahrain would be the same as last year, sending only three technical analysts to provide support on fuel and lubricants.	Shell	Italian Ferrari	1
Washington has blamed the widening trade gap on competition from artificially cheap Chinese imports and demanded that Beijing end its rigid currency peg.	Washington	Chinese	3
Meanwhile, the Australian dollar touched a three-week high at around $0.9222, thanks to the trade data from China, which is Australias single biggest export market.	Australian	China	0
” Hodgkinson had sent letters to his local newspaper in Illinois decrying income inequality, encouraging the government to tax the rich and supporting President Barack Obama, according to the Belleville .	Hodgkinson	Barack Obama	1
I think the Bucs as well as coach Koetter did the classy and respectable thing by apologizing on behalf of the organization.	Bucs	Koetter	0
Medvedev declined to answer directly a question on whether he would sack Putins government but said the cabinet would need new faces after the 2012 presidential election.	Medvedev	Putins	0
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is facing a criminal probe into charges of bribery and fraud, according to reports.	Israeli	Minister Benjamin Netanyahu	0
"A few days later, Cheney said, McCain approached him on the Senate floor, said he had been quoted out of context and offered an apology.""I was happy to accept,"" Cheney said."	Cheney	McCain	1
Democrats have once again begun beating the drum on breaking up big banks, claiming that Wells Fargo is too large to manage, given that the practice of opening unauthorized accounts has gone on for years.	Democrats	Wells Fargo	3
Exxon originally put in a request for the waiver, which would’ve allowed it to resume a joint venture with Russian oil giant Rosneft in the summer of 2015, but it was rejected at that time.	Exxon	Russian	0
Conservative author and commentator Ann Coulter will hold a joint event with Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos, also known as “	Ann Coulter	Milo Yiannopoulos	0
Long before he became one of the two veteran Zamboni drivers at Madison Square Garden, Paul Curtis, 52, grew up in the London district of Tooting 	Paul Curtis	London	0
Trump’s attack was discreet, designed to punish Syria for using chemical weapons by attacking the airport from which an attack was believed to have been launched.	Trump	Syria	3
If, on the other hand, Priebus simply failed to foresee the fallout, his political instincts may not be as vaunted as first advertised and a conspicuous lack of White House experience will exacerbate this. 	Priebus	White House	0
Mr. Trump’s presidency was a result of people’s frustrations, Mr. Washington said, but the focus now has to be on finding people work and bridging the bitter national divide.	Trump	Washington	0
Chris Waddle has questioned why his former club Marseille have signed Joey Barton and has warned the controversial midfielder not to upset his new club's supporters.	Chris Waddle	Joey Barton	3
Chief Justice Roberts, who oversees emergency petitions arising from the D.C. Circuit, simply said that the trial courts disclosure order is hereby stayed pending further order of the undersigned or of the court.The Supreme Court simultaneously docketed CREWs opposition to the emergency stay, which the Chief Justice cited in his order.	Roberts	the D.C. Circuit	0
The Hillary Clinton campaign circulated Sunday night an open letter from former federal prosecutors and Justice Department officials criticizing FBI Director James Comey for his actions in recent days in the Clinton email investigation.	Hillary Clinton	James Comey	3
Trump, on the other hand, has indicated that he supports Planned Parenthood.	Trump	Planned Parenthood	1
The Saudi authorities executed 47 terror suspects over the weekend, including a Shi’ite cleric whose death sentence raised the ire of Iran and its supporters.	Saudi	Shi’ite	0
Retired general and former CIA chief David Petraeus is no longer a candidate to be President Donald Trump’s national security adviser, thwarted by differences over who controls staffing decisions within the White House’s National Security Council.	David Petraeus	Donald Trump	0
It is imperative to separate the issue of Western involvement in events from the distinctly Iranian issues of class, religion, gender and so forth, that regardless, have their causes (and solutions) in Iran.	Western	Iranian	0
Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy, a member of Trumps opioid advisory commision, said the move goes against the panels recommendations, which advised fortifying the ONDCP.	Patrick Kennedy	Trumps	1
Clinton’s support, however, is far below that expected of a Democrat candidate.	Clinton	Democrat	0
Dude, her head's bigger than her pelvis.Instead of addressing this disturbing, and accurate criticism, Ralph Lauren responded by accusing Boing Boing of copyright infringement for reprinting the ad.	Ralph Lauren	Boing Boing	3
Perhaps the only immediate solution to Hershey's inverted benefit pyramid is, as Mr. Fernandez suggests at the close of The Chocolate Trust, to break the interlocking boards, dissolve the trust, and place assets under control of true charitable directors at the helm of the school.	Hershey	Fernandez	4
But Davis has not been forgiven by the Tory leadership for resigning his seat in June 2008, over Labours plan to extend the maximum period of detention of terror suspects without charge from 28 to 42 days.	Davis	Tory	4
One of the first things Mr. Ban did after his homecoming was support the deployment of an American missile defense system that has angered North Korea and China.	Ban	American	0
 Deutsche Bank AG has agreed to pay $60 million to settle private U. S. antitrust litigation by traders and other investors who accused the German bank of conspiring to manipulate gold prices at their expense.	Deutsche Bank AG	German	0
The IAG boss accused Heathrow of failing to hold proper discussions with airlines about creating a cost-effective airport and expansion plan.	IAG	Heathrow	3
After 140 years in operation, the Buenos Aires Zoo in Argentina’s capital plans to move almost all of its 2, 500 animals to natural reserves.	the Buenos Aires Zoo	Argentina	0
In essence, Trump would be accusing China’s government of artificially suppressing the value of its currency, the yuan, to give it an edge in the global market. 	Trump	China	3
’’ ”On Monday, Ford replaced CEO Mark Fields with Jim Hackett, a former Steelcase CEO and Ford board member who had been running the company	Mark Fields	Jim Hackett	0
 Democrat Jon Ossoff narrowly failed to clinch an outright victory Tuesday in the Georgia Sixth District special election.	Democrat Jon Ossoff	Georgia Sixth District	0
Also Friday, Summer Zervos, a former contestant on ”The Apprentice,” accused Trump of groping her without her consent. 	Summer Zervos	Trump	3
In The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Napoleon, Karl Marx famously blamed the French bourgeoisie for the dictatorship of .	Karl Marx	French	3
In a set of talking points sent to his supporters Sunday morning, Mr. Trump’s campaign urged them to attack turncoat Republicans as “more concerned with their political future than they are about the country.	Trump	Republicans	3
And Emily Drucker, 28, said she supports Sanders because: “	Emily Drucker	Sanders	1
With Trump supporters the margin was 89% to 9% favoring the view that “guns protect people from crime,” while Clinton supporters believed “gun ownership does more to endanger personal safety” by a margin of approximately .	Trump	Clinton	0
One site leading the way is PlanetGrrl at www.planetgrrl.com, set up last year in response to the lack of UK sites for or by women and girls.	PlanetGrrl	UK	3
In 2016, Hillary Clinton repeatedly slammed Trump (he, of course, responded in kind) and then, most notoriously, she referred to his supporters as a “basket of deplorables.	Hillary Clinton	Trump	3
Trump has accused Obama officials of illegally leaking classified information about Flynn’s contacts with Kislyak.	Trump	Obama	3
Americans don’t really trust Mrs. Clinton to be forthcoming and truthful.	Americans	Clinton	3
Nonetheless, looking as sexy as ever, Bedford-born Carol joined Lorraine Kelly today to talk about love in later life, as she starts a new sizzling dating show for the over 50s.	Carol	Lorraine Kelly	1
Of course, Trump eventually fired Comey, by his own account over frustration with the Russian probe.	Trump	Comey	3
Read more: Sarah Palin just endorsed Donald Trump.	Sarah Palin	Donald Trump	1
… McConnell went further, officials said, voicing skepticism that the underlying intelligence truly supported the White House’s claims.	McConnell	the White House’s	3
Roseann J. DiFrancesco apparently tripped and fell, causing her medical alert necklace to become caught on her walker, the Patriot-News reports.	Roseann J. DiFrancesco	the Patriot-News	0
Prime Minister David Cameron gathered world leaders in London Thursday to crack down on corruption 	Minister David Cameron	London	0
"He is accusing the Candy brothers of being involved in a conspiracy against him to obtain Grosvenor Gardens House at a lower value, or to extort ""very significant"" sums of money from him and his company, Hotblack."	Candy	Hotblack	4
 reinforces the district courts finding that the marks are only minimally similar.Zack Hutson, a Starbucks spokesman, said, 	Zack Hutson	Starbucks	0
Kim personally sent a “message of greeting” to Assad that month, extending “firm support and solidarity to the Syrian government and people in their just struggle for frustrating the aggression and challenges of the hostile forces.	Kim	Assad	1
Here’s a roundup of where elected GOP officials stand on their party’s presumptive nominee: Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) endorsed Trump at the end of February, defending the businessman’s promise to ”fix illegal immigration.	Jeff Sessions	Trump	1
NEWS BRIEF Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker just gave the clearest sign yet that he’s supporting Donald Trump as his party’s candidate for president.	Scott Walker	Donald Trump	1
"Bainbridge was originally an actor, appearing in rep at the Liverpool Playhouse as well as an early episode of Coronation Street, helping leftie Ken Barlow make ""ban the bomb"" rally signs."	Bainbridge	Ken Barlow	1
Her Workers’ Party now faces numerous corruption allegations, while Ms. Kirchner is defending herself against an indictment on financial charges.	Workers’ Party	Kirchner	0
Now, the same issue is cropping up at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D. C.	Washington	D. C.	0
 President Donald Trump wants to build a wall on the southern border of the US.	President Donald Trump	US	0
Tammy Strickland, 38, is accused of masterminding an elaborate scam to steal donations from Toys for Tots, the United States Marine Corps Reserve charity that gives toys to children whose families cannot afford them.	Tammy Strickland	Toys for Tots	0
Senator Cruz who supports the Right to Work legislation has praised Ambassador Weisers efforts in helping to pass Right to Work in Michigan.	Cruz	Weisers	1
In the past, Sessions has come out in favor of tough Justice Department tactics against companies accused of fraud. 	Sessions	Justice Department	0
Trump supporters cannot believe that some conservatives would rather see Clinton in office than support the Republican nominee 	Trump	Clinton	0
"which expert Marci Young calls, ""The most rigorously evaluated and effective education reform of the last half-century.""This raises the question: If Obama does not want to spend money on well-researched, well-documented methods of achieving positive educational results, what does he want to spend it on?"	Marci Young	Obama	3
"Another senior Government source confirmed ""no such figure has been agreed"", as civil servants were accused of trying ""ram through"" the details of the divorce bill while the majority of Cabinet ministers are away on holiday."	Government	Cabinet	0
(Branstad is ripping Cruz for taking the bold step of criticizing ethanol subsidies, which tells you what you need to know about Iowa politics.)	Branstad	Cruz	0
In both cases the term’s appeal lies in its implication of a revolutionary turnover in political events: Napoleon’s final removal from power, Roosevelt’s first New Deal.	Napoleon	Roosevelt	0
Top White House adviser Steve Bannon again slammed the media on Thursday, and warned that coverage of President Trump is only going to get worse as the administration continues taking bold action to keep its promises.	Steve Bannon	Trump	0
Mr. Assange has at times offered mild criticisms of the Putin government.	Assange	Putin	3
 The six remaining serious candidates for the Republican presidential nomination will gather in Greenville, South Carolina later Saturday for the first Hampshire primary debate.	Republican	Greenville	0
In recent weeks, the billionaire mogul Guo Wengui has emerged as an outspoken critic of China’s ruling Communist Party, accusing it of rampant corruption.	Guo Wengui	Communist Party	3
” Fultz, who had a seat for the latest Knicks loss, didn’t seem scared off by talk of having to play in the triangle offense, which has been a topic of discussion around the Knicks since Phil Jackson became team president three years ago.	Fultz	Phil Jackson	0
About 47 percent of Trump supporters said they backed him primarily because they don’t want Clinton to win.	Trump	Clinton	0
President Trump condemned a report in The New York Times that claimed his associates had contacted Russian intelligence officials in the year before the presidential election, tweeting that it was “an attempt to the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton’s losing campaign.	Trump	Hillary Clinton’s	3
 Donald Trump’s rise has fueled an identity crisis of sorts for the Republican Party 	Donald Trump’s	the Republican Party	0
Brad now has 30 days to file a response to file a petition for Angelina's sole custody claim for the kidsSplash News 13 Angelina and Brad are now both restricted from taking the kids out of California until the custody hearing has finishedSplash News 13	Brad	Angelina	0
Sonic booms from fighter jets flying offshore were mistaken for earthquakes by residents along coastal New Jersey and Long Island on Thursday afternoon, authorities said.	New Jersey	Long Island	0
AQAP military chief Qassem al-Rimi vowed in November to launch fierce attacks against the militiamen.To the Huthis we say: brace yourselves for horrors that will make the hair of children turn white, he said.	Qassem al-Rimi	Huthis	3
Jewish Federations and our partner Jewish Family Service agencies, with the support of the Claims Conference, provide services to help meet the needs of Survivors -- helping them maintain well-being and age in place in their homes.	Jewish Federations	Jewish Family Service	1
 In this wild presidential year, it can feel like nothing is happening but Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. 	Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton	0
Trump has repeated claims he saw “thousands and thousands” of Arab Americans in New Jersey cheering as the World Trade Center was toppled on .	Trump	Arab Americans	3
Trump and his supporters transformed into a personal attack against the reporter Michelle Fields, which, as Vox’s Emily Crockett explains, turned into a ”master class in victim blaming.” 	Trump	Michelle Fields	3
The Trump Organization’s statement appeared in a document it provided to the House oversight committee in response to a request for more details of Trump’s stated plan to give any profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury.	The Trump Organization’s	House	0
McCain, clearly flustered by reporters pressing for answers, walked off the Senate floor and said he hadn’t read the reports, adding, “I can’t comment on every breaking news story.	McCain	Senate	0
Riverside County Superior Court Judge Jerome Brock imposed the sentence stipulated by the prosecution and defense under the plea agreement.	Riverside County Superior Court	Jerome Brock	0
Nasir Abdullahi is sitting in a mall in downtown Abuja, sipping fresh juice and eating plantain chips.	Nasir Abdullahi	Abuja	0
Holsworth had cheered on the Michigan State basketball team and .	Holsworth	Michigan State	1
"Van Rompuy also took the part of the Ukrainian opposition in accusing Yanukovich of encroaching on press freedoms since coming to office in February 2010: ""Media freedom and freedom of assembly are also key for full fledged democracy."	Van Rompuy	Yanukovich	3
Maduro has condemned the U.S. sanctions as baseless, the result of fabricated charges.	Maduro	U.S.	3
Andersson recognizes that lives were lost that day (the female passenger in the overturned vehicle also died) but he hopes people won’t judge Yoxall for pulling the trigger. 	Andersson	Yoxall	1
Rezkos criminal convictions reflect his lawbreaking in part through his fundraising activities for other Democrats, notably Rod Blagojevich, who may not be Governor for very much longer as a result of this conviction.	Rezkos	Rod Blagojevich	0
At the NRA’s annual meeting this May, some members were enthusiastic Trump supporters.	NRA	Trump	1
Trump has also made clear his disdain for Nato as an organisation that enables European nations to have security without paying their fair share of its costs.	Trump	European	0
You may remember flash-in-the-pan Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis.	Texas	Wendy Davis	0
Ant Financial, the financial services affiliate of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ( ) said it remained committed to its deal.	Ant Financial	Alibaba Group Holding Ltd	0
A consumer protest by Americans has successfully forced Target Corp. to walk a few steps away from its disastrous $10 billion decision to back the radical transgender lobby.	Americans	Target Corp.	0
The Democrats’ draft platform is telling loyal grassroots supporters that unless they favor totally unrestricted and taxpayer financed abortion on demand, they are no longer welcome in the party,” said Pavone.	Democrats	Pavone	0
Blake is found liable in the wrongful death civil trial brought by Bonny Lee Bakley’s children, and is ordered to pay $30 million in damages to her family.	Blake	Bonny Lee Bakley’s	0
 That Navy SEAL Chris Kyle served with distinction in combat is not in dispute.	Navy	Chris Kyle	0
Maduro, in his fear and upset, accused El Chigüire Bipolar of owning Twitter!	Maduro	El Chigüire Bipolar	3
Kane was first charged in 2015 when she was accused of orchestrating a leak of confidential grand jury documents in order to circulate a negative story about her political opponent, former state prosecutor Frank Fina.	Kane	Frank Fina	3
The proliferation of the Lutheran bible triggered a surge in German nationalism, which amplified conflict between the faiths.	Lutheran	German	0
"The American people pulled the 'trigger' in November.""The intellectual father of the public option, Yale Professor Jacob Hacker, told HuffPost that the trigger proposal is a betrayal."	American	Jacob Hacker	0
"The speech focused at length on the Fed's options to support the economy in a downturn.""Even if average interest rates remain lower than in the past, I believe that monetary policy will, under most conditions, be able to respond effectively,"" Yellen said."	Fed	Yellen	2
When the Jets fire Bowles -- and the move seems inevitable at this point -- they surely will replace him with an offensive-minded head coach who can perhaps develop quarterback Sam Darnold, the No. 3 overall pick in this year's draft.	Bowles	Sam Darnold	1
 Former French prime minister Francois Fillon was seen as the winner of a final debate before a vote on who gets the conservatives’ candidacy in next year	French	minister Francois Fillon	0
Turkey on Sunday stormed Afrin after a two-month offensive against the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia.	Turkey	Afrin	3
Illegal aliens in San Francisco have reportedly begun abstaining from food stamps in the belief it will help them avoid being detecting by the Trump administration.	San Francisco	Trump administration	0
ISIS has decided that the assault weapon is the new airplane, and Republicans, in refusing to close the terror gap, refusing to pass bans on assault weapons, are allowing these weapons to get in the hands of potential attackers.	ISIS	Republicans	0
The Justice Department has accused Apple of focusing on “a perceived negative impact on its reputation.	The Justice Department	Apple	3
Caffey also was on Chicago's 1996 title-winner, but an injury caused him to miss the playoffs.	Caffey	Chicago	0
Ayotte has said she will support Trump, but she has declined to endorse him.	Ayotte	Trump	1
At another point, Walden even succeeded in making the crowd laugh, after a woman with several children asked why he did not criticize Trump more publicly for making derogatory statements about women.	Walden	Trump	3
To support whoever pitches, Boston arguably will have the AL’s best combination.	Boston	AL	0
"In a last message from court, Navalny, 37, referred to Putin as a ""toad"" who abused Russia's vast oil revenues to stay in power, and urged his supporters to press on with his campaign.""Okay, don't miss me."	Navalny	Putin	3
The document, directed to Senate Judiciary Committee leadership, charged that Sessions’ judgment should be questioned after bringing a case against three black	Senate Judiciary Committee	Sessions	3
Higher emphasis on human expertiseHackers are people and they have the benefit of playing offense, says Red Canary CEO Brian Beyer.	Red Canary	Brian Beyer	1
The state department has denied a report that Rex Tillerson pulled out of meetings with South Korean officials because of “fatigue”.	Rex Tillerson	South Korean	0
Dettori positioned John Gosden's charge towards the rear of the field early on, but he could be spotted travelling powerfully nearest the stands rail entering the final two furlongs.	Dettori	John Gosden's	0
But are the accusations inspired by Brown's book accurate or true?Press coverage of the developing scandal and discussions of Brown's proper role in it tend to treat the abuse allegations as true, and belief in them has been bolstered by the suicide of an accused camp worker, Chuck Devita.	Brown	Chuck Devita	0
"Johnson also claims that ""Geller often supports and glorifies people who can only be described as white supremacists and genocidal war criminals."	Johnson	Geller	3
 (CNN) ISIS has released a video online showing five young boys killing five prisoners.	CNN	ISIS	0
On 12 November, a Tennessee grand jury indicted Anna Yocca on three felony charges that included aggravated assault and attempted abortion.	Tennessee	Anna Yocca	3
John Sjostrom, 58, was working in his garage and said he had supported Gillespie in his unsuccessful bid to unseat Sen. Mark R. Warner (D) in 2014.	John Sjostrom	Gillespie	1
Since North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory last week signed rushed legislation that keeps local governments from passing measures that protect gay and transgender individuals, pressure from businesses has only increased.	North Carolina	Pat McCrory	3
Asked if Davis could be a starting outfielder next year, Sabean chuckled and said, Come on.	Davis	Sabean	4
Husband Chris, a financial adviser, has always been supportive but Dona admits:	Husband Chris	Dona	2
Sources close to the Maharashtra government told Reuters that the issues raised by plastic producers are being looked into.	Maharashtra	Reuters	0
There is also no doubt that the US strike provides the Islamist elements in Syria with every motivation for staging more chemical weapons incidents to provide the pretext for a spiraling escalation of US military aggression.	US	Islamist	3
Rubio also attacked Trump for what he thought of as a simplistic position, accusing the businessman of seeing the conflict as something that could be settled akin to a deal.	Rubio	Trump	3
Hong Kong lawmakers said Sunday that they will press the government for answers after a fifth employee of a publishing company specializing in books critical of mainland China’s leadership went missing.	Hong Kong	China	0
In recent weeks, the billionaire mogul Guo Wengui has emerged as an outspoken critic of China’s ruling Communist Party, accusing it of rampant corruption.	Guo Wengui	Communist Party	3
American regulators have criticized Deutsche for not being able to provide information because of antiquated technology.	American	Deutsche	3
But some of the most vocal lawmakers pushing to impeach Ms. Rousseff are facing serious charges of graft, electoral fraud and human rights abuses, uncorking a national debate about hypocrisy among Brazil’s leaders.	Rousseff	Brazil	0
 With booster Betsy DeVos at the helm of the Department of Education, vouchers are getting new life and plenty of renewed attention.	Betsy DeVos	the Department of Education	0
To read the online commentary, one would think that President Trump just fundamentally corrupted the American character.	President Trump	American	0
Official Palestinian news agencies published interviews praising Mr. Abbas for acting like a statesman and creating new opportunities for negotiations.	Palestinian	Abbas	1
It also suspends the US refugee resettlement programme for 120 days and puts an indefinite stop to the acceptance of Syrian refugees.	US	Syrian	1
Brady, also ESPN’s ombudsman, addressed complaints from fans that the network has become too political in a long article published last November.	Brady	ESPN	0
Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry endorsed Clinton in her bid for the White House in 2016.	Planned Parenthood	Clinton	1
Wittenauer was one of the most supportive people at local arts events, said Tiare Ribeaux, a local curator.	Wittenauer	Tiare Ribeaux	0
England fans were forced to scale fences to escape the charge, while shocking pictures of a father trying to protect his young son while masked Russian fans were kicking and punching retreating fans around him went viral and left fans fuming at the authorities’ failure to intervene.	England	Russian	0
The U. S. futures curve has inverted so prices for delivery of oil in December 2017 are now above those for delivery a year later, reflecting the wall of producer selling that has materialized since OPEC made its announcement.	U. S.	OPEC	0
Brett Kavanaugh just put his penis in Debbies face.She noted that there are large gaps in her memory and said she was hesitant to come forward, afraid that she would be attacked because she had been drinking at the time.	Brett Kavanaugh	Debbies	4
- Chinese smelters expect supplies of copper concentrate to rise as early as late 2012, paving the way for higher charges, as neighbouring Mongolias Oyu Tolgoi copper and gold mine starts to come onstream, industry sources said on Tuesday.	Chinese	Mongolias Oyu Tolgoi	0
Tsipras, for his part, thanked Obama for his support over the years and said he was hopeful the U. S. alliance would remain unchanged.	Tsipras	Obama	1
 Volkswagen AG, as part of a $4. 3 billion settlement with U. S. regulators, on Wednesday agreed to sweeping reforms, new audits and oversight by an independent monitor for three years to resolve diesel emissions cheating investigations.	Volkswagen AG	U. S.	0
This is best exemplified by the Vesti weekly, which was started in the mid-90s largely to support hand-picked municipal candidates, grew into a respected news source, and faded into irrelevance after the assassination of its publisher at the tail end of Estonias mafia violence heyday.	Vesti	Estonias	0
Williams, a political commentator who holds no official role with the campaign, said he was ”shocked” by Bennett’s criticism.	Williams	Bennett	3
The programs focus on self-sufficiency  refugees are expected to find work and support themselves as quickly as possible upon their arrival to the U.S.  is part of the reason that the American government has been able to take in more refugees than any other country over the past three decades.	U.S.	American	0
Finally, Fair said, the general manager confronted her for allegedly creating a “hostile environment” for gym patrons by loudly decrying Spencer.	Fair	Spencer	3
It has welcomed the Federal Government's moves to establish an anti-dumping commission to protect Australian manufacturing jobs from cheap imported products.	the Federal Government's	Australian	1
"Haley, a Republican seeking re-election this year and who last month said she got a semi-automatic pistol for Christmas, plans to sign the measure, a spokesman said.""Governor Haley has and will always be a supporter of open-carry laws, and will sign any bill that doesn't restrict the rights of gun owners,"" said Haley spokesman Doug Mayer."	Haley	Republican	0
"The FA charge states the Dutchman's words ""allege and/or imply bias on the part of the match referee and/or bring the game into disrepute"".The 63-year-old"	FA	Dutchman	3
The complaint, also concerning his partner Oksana Shalygina, was filed by the actor Anastasia Slonina in December.	Oksana Shalygina	Anastasia Slonina	4
Before his ironic death, Chris Kyle, on whom the movie is based, denounced Hollywood’s version of war.	Chris Kyle	Hollywood	0
The TRI’s ultimate goal is to build a car incapable of causing a crash, but the Japanese automaker has always operated on a more conservative timeline. ” ” 	TRI	Japanese	0
Teachers and students at the school blamed Palestinian leaders for failing to make good on promises to build concrete classrooms and said a stifling Israeli blockade imposed on the impoverished territory two years ago made things worse.	Palestinian	Israeli	3
Why you should read: Hayes makes the obvious point that Trump got himself into this mess with reckless and undisciplined use of social media.	Hayes	Trump	3
Arkansas prosecutors charged a named Anne Bynum for allegedly using the same pills.	Arkansas	Anne Bynum	3
The American military could have rendered North Vietnam incapable of sustaining its offensive.	American	North Vietnam	0
And, perhaps surprisingly, Rodolfo said he has utmost respect for the artistry of Disney cartoons.	Rodolfo	Disney	1
The South American country has repeatedly criticized the United States for interfering in its domestic affairs.	South American	the United States	3
Russian artists with pro-Ukraine views, however, have experienced problems finding venues, seen disruptions during their concerts and been publicly criticized.	Russian	pro-Ukraine	0
Clark sent his side out early for the second half and, while Birmingham improved, Leeds continued to find ample space in attack.	Clark	Birmingham	0
Several Republicans have tied themselves into rhetorical knots in trying to support the White House candidate 	Republicans	White House	0
McCain, who has so much to be proud of, endorsed Trump.	McCain	Trump	1
 The European Commission ordered Apple Inc to pay Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14. 5 billion) on Tuesday as it ruled the firm had received illegal state aid.	The European Commission	Apple Inc	0
A few kilometers (miles) away, some 100 members of chess champion Garry Kasparovs United Civic Front and allied liberal groups were attacked by young men wearing surgical masks and wielding flagpoles, a Reuters witness said.	Garry Kasparovs United Civic Front	Reuters	0
” Trump has assured that Kushner “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players” and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region.	Trump	Kushner	1
Trump’s on Israeli Settlements, Many of them had been to Amona in the weeks prior to support the embattled outpost — but also to carouse out of sight of their parents.	Israeli	Amona	0
Thankfully, the troublingly compromised Bowler is not the trial judge for Gottesfelds case.	Bowler	Gottesfelds	0
Nonetheless, Fact Check has produced the graph below, showing different percentages of women over time, stretching back to Kevin Rudd's last cabinet.	Fact Check	Kevin Rudd's	1
But Mr. Erdogan’s leanings toward authoritarianism haven’t deterred President Obama from supporting his leadership.	Erdogan	Obama	0
In 1994, De La Beckwith was convicted of assassinating Evers; two previous trials in 1964 on this charge had resulted in hung juries.	De La Beckwith	Evers	3
Britain also needs to urge India to come up with a more creative response to the Kashmir problem, which is fuelled by political alienation and economic misery.	Britain	India	3
Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign manager rejected Donald Trump’s claim Friday that the campaign was responsible for the ”birther” movement.	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump’s	3
time.Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement he accepted Flahertys resignation with great reluctance, adding the move will allow Flaherty to eventually move back into the private sector.	Stephen Harper	Flahertys	1
Hillary Clinton is so sold out to special interests that she is willing to keep children trapped in failing schools in order to keep the teachers’ unions funding her campaign happy,” says RNC chairman Reince Priebus.	Hillary Clinton	Reince Priebus	4
Last week, a group of more than 100 leading Republican and defense experts, including many with decades of practical policy experience, signed an open letter stating their common belief that Donald Trump is unfit to be America’s and that he must be opposed.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
To truly understand Breitbartism on immigration, I read the last three weeks of immigration articles and reviewed coverage dating back to the start of Trump’s presidential bid, assessing the themes, topics, language and framing.	Breitbartism	Trump	0
Conservative blogger Ace of Spades offers support to Breitbart’s #DumpKelloggs boycott, noting that corporations are joining the culture wars on behalf of the bullying left, while the right foolishly “is a patsy who will go along with anything, including its own denigration”	Ace of Spades	Breitbart	0
To lessen any blow at such a critical time, Paradise and Sega Sammy said they would also market Paradise City's hotels, convention halls and other non-gaming amenities to South Koreans who cannot enter the casino - as most casinos in the country are foreigner-only.	Paradise	Sega Sammy	0
Late Wednesday, Congress voted to restructure Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt and establish a board to help steer Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis.	Congress	Puerto Rico’s	1
Andrzej Wajda, the acclaimed Polish director whose films reflected his country’s turbulent history, has died at the age of 90.	Andrzej Wajda	Polish	0
Chief Justice John Roberts, another conservative, brought up the sensitive question of whether U. S. officials could be sued for drone attacks overseas.	John Roberts	U. S.	0
In the film’s intro, Howard jokingly explains that Trump wrote, produced and starred in the film in the 1980s, but locked it away in a vault forever after a Monday Night Football game went into overtime and scuttled its release.	Howard	Trump	0
The prospect of Europe’s febrile politics being injected with another dose of Greek summer drama has been averted after creditors signed off on billions of euros of bailout loans that will enable Athens to make imminent debt repayments.	Greek	Athens	0
 State Department staffers wrestled for weeks in December 2010 over a serious technical problem that affected emails from Hillary Clinton’s home email server, causing them to temporarily disable security features on the government’s own systems, according to emails released Wednesday. 	State Department	Hillary Clinton’s	0
But critics, including three UN rapporteurs, have accused the Modi government of aggressively using the legislation to target human rights, environmental and other groups whose advocacy clashes with its agenda.	UN	Modi	3
WASHINGTON, Dec 21 (Reuters) - U.S. automakers installed automatic emergency braking technology that experts said could prevent thousands of deaths and injuries in just 19 percent of new vehicles sold in the 2017 model year, regulators and safety advocates said on Thursday.	WASHINGTON	Reuters	0
Steve Jobs said the biggest mistake Apple made in the years after he was ousted was making its first priority profits, not products.	Steve Jobs	Apple	3
Trump has repeatedly blasted China on the campaign trail, accusing it of currency manipulation and criticizing the Obama administration for not being “tough enough” in dealing with the country.	Trump	Obama	3
Not everyone went along with the exhilarating dismissals of Wittgenstein and the Vienna Circle; A.J. Ayer later said: 'Well, I suppose the most important of the defects was that nearly all of it was false.'Popper led the charge against, describing Wittgenstein's picture theory of language as 'hopelessly and indeed outrageously mistaken'.	Wittgenstein	A.J. Ayer	4
 President Barack Obama warned Democrats on Friday that they need to work hard to defeat likely Republican nominee Donald Trump in the Nov. 8 presidential election but must avoid violence like that at a rally in California this week.	Barack Obama	Donald Trump	0
Former president Jimmy Carter has criticized Senator Cruz for not being “malleable.	Jimmy Carter	Cruz	3
"There is still violence in Basra but British commanders and ministers are thought to believe that it is approaching an ""acceptable level"", which Iraqi forces are increasingly capable of dealing with."	British	Iraqi	1
For opponents of Assad who hope Washington will seek regime change in Damascus, news of the strikes on a Syrian airbase was welcome.	Assad	Syrian	0
Rolling coverage continues on our new live blog: A detachment of Islamic State fighters executed yesterday’s London attack.	Islamic State	London	0
It has happened again at least twice: a Moroccan Olympic athlete has been expelled from the village for attempting to rape two chambermaids since Mendes’ attack on the firefighter.	Moroccan	Mendes	0
Butte is an old mining town, tucked away in the southwest corner of Montana with a population of about 34, 000.	Butte	Montana	0
Now the Hong Kong courts must rule on the case in light of China’s interpretation, which says that even city lawmakers who take their oath of office correctly will “bear legal responsibility” if their sincerity is found lacking.	Hong Kong	China	0
Coral Davenport, one of The New York Times' few environmental reporters, is repeating her past mistakes on Keystone XL reporting.	Coral Davenport	The New York Times'	1
After all, Donald Trumps tweets criticizing President Obama back in 2012 took on a much greater degree of gravity right around November	Donald Trumps	Obama	3
Striking union members chanted, banged drums and blew whistles as part of a raucous picket line outside the Trump Taj Mahal casino Friday amid a contract dispute with owner and billionaire investor Carl Icahn at the start of the busiest weekend of the year for the casino industry.	Trump Taj Mahal	Carl Icahn	0
Because some of the views I don’t agree with,” Trump himself said, defending his use of eminent domain he also praised Planned Parenthood for good work on women’s health.	Trump	Planned Parenthood	1
 A villainous pair of swans have been tormenting the good citizens of Brimscombe, a tiny village in the Cotswolds, with such viciousness that it’s become national news.	Brimscombe	Cotswolds	0
We have good news coming from all quarters of the European Union Mario Draghi, the European Central Bank presidentHaving refused to take responsibility for the meltdown after the financial crash, EU bosses are now trying to take the credit for the glimmers of recovery.	the European Union Mario Draghi	European Central Bank	4
Multinational talks to end Syria’s war got off to a rough start in Astana, Kazakhstan.	Syria	Astana	0
At least 12 Russian soldiers have been killed since Moscow launched its military operation in Syria in September 2015.In November, Turkish fighter planes shot down a Russian bomber on the Syrian-Turkish border, triggering a major crisis in bilateral relations.	Russian	Turkish	4
Kasich, for his part, applauded Romney for his address.	Kasich	Romney	1
Macron also said he would only visit Iran if there was a return to calm and respect for freedoms.	Macron	Iran	3
"Dr. Kilhefner, a globally respected community leader who co-founded the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center, co-founded the Radical Faeries with Harry Hay, and other community organizations, says: ""For lots of gay men, midlife is accompanied by disappointment, disruption and fear."	Kilhefner	Harry Hay	3
"They were confronted by the gallant vigilantes who killed 12 of the attackers and arrested six of them.""Then on Sunday, Boko Haram jihadists killed three soldiers in an ambush near Wajirko village, 150 kilometres (90 miles) from Maiduguri, a local vigilante said."	Boko Haram	Wajirko village	0
Pyongyang’s nuclear test in January is only the latest reminder that America’s policy response to nuclear proliferation in North Korea is a prolonged, and thoroughly bipartisan, failure.	Pyongyang	America	4
Thursday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh called Bill O’Reilly’s departure from the Fox News Channel a “campaign,” and not a “natural” event. 	Rush Limbaugh	Bill O’Reilly’s	3
If and when that happens, Democrats will have no one to blame but themselves — because they set the precedent that Republicans will follow.	Democrats	Republicans	0
Even some Manchester City fans told me they’re supporting Manchester United in the Europa final tonight, which is amazing considering the rivalry.	Manchester City	Manchester United	1
Beijings Liaison Office in Hong Kong said China firmly supported universal suffrage for Hong Kong, and 	Beijings Liaison Office	Hong Kong	0
JAMES Arthur has shown his support for fellow X Factor star Jahmene Douglas, after Jahmene revealed his battle with depression in a troubling Twitter post.	JAMES Arthur	Jahmene Douglas	1
In a year where so many Republican voters are angry at Washington, it can be tough to have two former presidents in your family.	Republican	Washington	0
Athletes in several sports have reportedly tested positive for the substance since it was placed on the World Anti-Doping Agencys banned list this year after being on its Monitoring List in 2015.One of those who reportedly failed a test was Abeba Aregawi, a Swedish runner who won the women	Abeba Aregawi	Swedish	0
Overall, Sanders has tended to focus his criticisms of the Democratic primary process on aspects of the nomination race that have put his own campaign at a disadvantage.	Sanders	Democratic	0
"For the uninitiated, a Negroni is a mixed drink of Italian origin made from equal parts gin, red vermouth, and Campari, the distinctively bitter and citrusy ruby-tinted aperitif.""It takes time to appreciate -- it's not a sweet, easy-going-down drink,"" says chef and James Beard Awards finalist Cathy Whims of Nostrana in Portland, Oregon."	Italian	Cathy Whims	0
A vocal protester caused a major scene at a Tim Kaine rally, yelling out that Bill Clinton was a rapist.	Tim Kaine	Bill Clinton	3
December 2, 2016, The United Nations has voted to issue North Korea its toughest sanctions yet over the country’s controversial nuclear program.	The United Nations	North Korea	3
"The system drew criticism from U.S. President Donald Trump in April, who said he would ""stand up for our dairy farmers"" against Canada's ""unfair"" practices."	U.S. President Donald Trump	Canada	3
Wemple’s blog post fired up Scarborough, who responded by saying critics of his program	Wemple	Scarborough	3
 North Carolina Republican leaders are blasting their Democratic colleagues after a supposedly bipartisan deal to repeal the state	Republican	Democratic	3
Trump’s answer to me and to others since suggests he doesn’t believe he needs Bannon because the candidate himself had the vision all along.	Trump	Bannon	3
Scott Brison, the Liberal critic for finance and national revenue, penned an op-ed in Thursday	Scott Brison	Liberal	0
Kalin, in the rare meeting with Western correspondents, harshly criticized the YPG and its allied offshoots.	Kalin	YPG	3
 President Obama on Saturday praised the contributions of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and mourned his death over the weekend but said he intends to fulfil his “constitutional responsibility” to appoint a replacement.	Obama	Antonin Scalia	1
Runciman says hes trying to help Doug out in encouraging others to follow the lead.Black has been posting his expenses  right down to individual cab fares, hospitality charges and office supply purchases	Runciman	Doug	1
(2nd L) receive U.S. President Barack Obama as they arrive at the San Felipe Castle for a state dinner before the start of the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena April 13, 2012.	U.S. President Barack Obama	Cartagena	0
Although Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata said that sales of the Wii U would pick up as more titles are released, there are few cases of a console becoming a hit after a slow start.	Nintendo	Satoru Iwata	0
Trump is now attacking Anderson Cooper for not ”bringing up the emails”.	Trump	Anderson Cooper	3
Ellison is already facing criticism for his closeness to the Islamic groups.	Ellison	Islamic	0
Aaron Heick, 42, said he was motivated by his older sister, Elizabeth, whose married name is Belanger.	Aaron Heick	Elizabeth	1
Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” political correspondent Kasie Hunt said the campaign of Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is describing Indiana is the candidate’s “Alamo.	Kasie Hunt	Ted Cruz	0
Mr. Langer, whom he described as a supporter, left feeling frustrated, according to a version of events later contradicted by a White House official. 	Langer	White House	3
So in January, Broaddrick with her accusations and tweeted: I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me.	Broaddrick	Bill Clinton	3
Our thing is getting him to get to the rim.Its difficult to find an area to criticize Herros performance during the first half of the Bahamas tour.	Herros	Bahamas	0
Actress Alyssa Milano already knows she’ll be casting her vote for Bernie Sanders in this year	Alyssa Milano	Bernie Sanders	1
At least 67 people have been killed and another 100 injured after a suicide bomb packed with ball bearings tore through a crowded hospital in Quetta, the capital of a region of Pakistan ravaged by insurgency and sectarian tensions.	Quetta	Pakistan	0
Now, while publicly decrying the system, the Sanders camp seems to have embraced the primary process as the Commission envisioned it would work for outsider candidates: weathering early losses and relying on a war of attrition and the support of superdelegates to bring the race to the convention.	Sanders	Commission	0
The head of the UN World Food Programme has said he is hopeful Ivanka Trump will lobby her father into a on cuts to humanitarian aid in the face of an urgent cash crisis that is imperilling hundreds of thousands of lives.	the UN World Food Programme	Ivanka Trump	0
People respect the BBC, and they believe them,” she told GayStarNews.	BBC	GayStarNews	0
By the time the Washitaw contingent made it back to Louisiana, their account had mutated into a tale of how the UN had recognized them as “indigenous people #215”.	Washitaw	UN	3
The Patriots keeping Brady on the bench after his suspension is up would require an otherworldly set of circumstances, like Garoppolo throwing for 35 touchdowns, including four Hail Marys, in a perfect start.	Brady	Garoppolo	0
"The University of Alabama made national news in 2013 when the student newspaper reported that adult advisors to two sororities blocked the acceptance of a black student because of her race, 50 years after Gov. George Wallace's attempt to block integration with the ""Stand in the Schoolhouse Door."	The University of Alabama	George Wallace	3
Osama Bin Laden had ordered the 1998 attack, Bush had sought him, and Obama gave the orders to kill him.	Osama Bin Laden	Bush	3
In the Democratic primary, Sanders has criticized Clinton’s judgment, pillorying her for her 2002 vote in support of the Iraq War, a decision she later said she regrets.	Sanders	Clinton	3
"The group, Asaib Ahl al-Haq, ""has agreed to lay down its arms and join the political process,"" the Associated Press reported on Friday, citing both Amer al-Khuzaie, the Iraqi government minister in charge of reconciling with armed groups, and an anonymous commander in the group itself."	Asaib Ahl al-Haq	Amer al-Khuzaie	0
In her letter, Walker also noted that she is not the first woman to accuse Roberts of sexual assault.	Walker	Roberts	3
The series’ producer, Aengus James, said his intention was to show the lives of Klan members.	Aengus James	Klan	0
Trump, who frequently criticized NAFTA during his campaign, is also expected to pursue a parallel track, in which he issues a separate order notifying Congress of his intent to renegotiate the agreement.	Trump	Congress	0
The Karate Kid starts at dusk on Saturday at Cerrito Vista Park, Moeser Lane at Pomona Avenue in El Cerrito.	The Karate Kid	El Cerrito	0
Its a long-term policy and they need to start now, said Colette Lewiner, director Energy, Utilities & Chemicals at consultancy Capgemini.	Colette Lewiner	Energy, Utilities & Chemicals	0
One supposes endorsing Trump will help Cruz in his reelection bid.	Trump	Cruz	1
Clinton also took a few jabs at Trump supporters while explaining how she plans to “heal all these divides.	Clinton	Trump	3
Kissinger: I respect John Kerry for his courage and persistence.	Kissinger	John Kerry	1
Republicans of yesterday trying to shake the party’s current leadership to move on an issue they cast as critical to the GOP’s future.	Republicans	GOP	0
President Trump on Thursday announced his new nominee for labor secretary, Alexander Acosta, during a news conference at the White House.	Trump	Alexander Acosta	0
Although Damascus condemned the Israeli attacks, it stopped short of any direct threat of retaliation and affirmed its focus on defeating insurgents.	Damascus	Israeli	3
According to reports a female member of the anarchist group No Borders has been arrested by French police after allegedly encouraging migrants to attack officers dismantling the camp.	No Borders	French police	0
"Christian Bernis Latakpi, 24, a university student, said he hoped that Samba-Panza, who has been mayor of Bangui since June, would bring much-needed reconciliation after months of bloodshed.""Since independence, men have always run the country and they have failed at the job,"" he said."	Christian Bernis Latakpi	Samba-Panza	1
Pentagon officials are also concerned that Russia will use the targeting data to learn more about how American forces identify and attack targets, at a time when forces from the two countries are often near one another around Europe.	Pentagon	American	0
Conservatives heavily invested in a successful Rubio administration agree and mute their criticisms.	Conservatives	Rubio administration	1
The UTLA chief criticized the California Charter Schools Association	UTLA	the California Charter Schools Association	3
The Houston shooting came two days after the attack on Dallas police. 	Houston	Dallas police	0
A cyber attack in December on a Ukrainian state energy computer caused a power cut in the northern part of the capital Kiev.	Ukrainian	Kiev	0
A powerful House panel is coming to the aid of payday lenders, moving to delay Obama administration regulations aimed at cracking down on the much-criticized industry.	House	Obama administration	0
McDonald's will be selling chicken wings in Chicago starting this week, the AP reports.	McDonald's	AP	0
A Denver sportswriter is out of a job after he with a Japanese driver winning the Indianapolis 500 on Memorial Day weekend.	Denver	Japanese	0
Washington has not ruled out military action against Irans nuclear activities, which it believes is part of a drive to produce a nuclear weapon.	Washington	Irans	3
Regardless of whether the Pope meets with Kirchner, the fact that someone as powerful and popular as he answered an ordinary journalist will resonate with many Argentinians, said the Rev. Gustavo Morello, a Jesuit from Argentina who teaches sociology at Boston College. 	Kirchner	Gustavo Morello	3
Evans is expected to receive just one third of his fee to produce Top Gear, estimated at almost £6m for three years once all his other BBC commitments are included.	Evans	BBC	0
 Critics of a plan for the U. S. government to cede control of the Internet’s technical management to other countries might succeed in delaying such a move in Congress, a senior lawmaker said on Tuesday.	U. S.	Congress	0
Though this is supposed to be the year of the outsider, 56 percent of the GOP vote went to Washington senators (senators who are all in their first terms, which was once seen as disqualifying when Republicans were attacking Sen. Barack Obama).Cruz	Republicans	Barack Obama).Cruz	3
Prosecutors are rallying from a blistering defense attack on Bill Cosbys chief accuser with a parade of women who say the comedian drugged and attacked them long before he met Andrea Constand.	Bill Cosbys	Andrea Constand	0
 Attorney General Jeff Sessions, under oath at his confirmation hearing, told the Senate Judiciary Committee that he didn’t communicate with Russians during the 2016 campaign.	Jeff Sessions	Russians	0
” Spicer also welcomed Republicans who opposed Trump during the campaign to work with the new administration and put past differences aside.	Spicer	Trump	3
If President Donald Trump is a budding authoritarian, as his critics allege, one of the safeguards is Judge Neil Gorsuch.	Donald Trump	Neil Gorsuch	0
With Democrats discussing health care in secret, they’re sacrificing the trust of the American people. ” 	Democrats	American	4
They got off to what seemed to be a good start on Friday when both Democratic and Republican Congressional leaders came out of a meeting with President Barack Obama talking about the need for a deal, giving a boost to U.S. stock prices.	Democratic	Republican Congressional	0
The United Nations has formally accused the Islamic State of committing genocide against the Yazidis.	The United Nations	the Islamic State	3
Jane Doe had accused her mother of abuse when she was a child caught up in a messy divorce and custody battle, but Loftuss investigation found it quite possible that no abuse ever took place.	Jane Doe	Loftuss	4
Those Chinese producers can pay about 5 cents less per watt by sourcing wafers from third parties, according to Sam Wilkinson, a senior market analyst at IMS Research.You are looking at an about 10-15 percent saving by buying wafers.	Chinese	Sam Wilkinson	0
 The American economy added 213, 000 jobs in March, continuing the slow but steady pace of the Obama economic recovery: 	American	Obama	0
The DNCC has full and complete respect for the flag and all rules of display.Take a look at the picture and see for yourself whether this depicts an American flag.	DNCC	American	1
"Ginny Howells, a UK emergency manager for Save the Children, described the scene at the camp as ""very chaotic."	Ginny Howells	Save the Children	0
Spanish power company Gas Natural has fired the starting gun in what is expected to be the biggest upheaval among European utility companies for a decade.	Spanish	European	0
Kennedy fiercely criticized Hatch’s position.	Kennedy	Hatch	3
President Trump said on Twitter that he would make a decision on the Paris climate accord this week, but privately he’s been telling confidants that he will withdraw from the agreement, according to a report.	President Trump	Paris	0
Mr. Rigell has been saying since the winter that he could not support Mr. Trump.	Rigell	Trump	3
Although they came up well short, Ryan and his band of supporters declared a symbolic victory in prompting Pelosi to propose elevating junior lawmakers and lead a more inclusive leadership table.	Ryan	Pelosi	0
 Aziz Ansari kicked off the first episode of “Saturday Night Live” with a nearly long monologue that addressed President Trump, hate crimes and the divided state of this country.	Aziz Ansari	Trump	0
Actress Alyssa Milano already knows she’ll be casting her vote for Bernie Sanders in this year	Alyssa Milano	Bernie Sanders	1
May 10 (Reuters) - Canadas main index climbed higher on Thursday, as gold miners gained along higher with prices for the precious metal, and Enbridge Inc was boosted by strong results.	Reuters	Canadas	3
One, 83 percent of Clinton supporters say their minds are made up, while 69 percent of Sanders supporters say so, — Two, as compared to 2008, there are fewer caucusgoers.	Clinton	Sanders	0
Late Wednesday, Congress voted to restructure Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt and establish a board to help steer Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis.	Congress	Puerto Rico’s	1
Starting from that premise, Coburn pointed out that the Pentagon is one of the least-accountable federal agencies, unable to even produce auditable financial statements that are required by law.	Coburn	Pentagon	3
Last week the World Agency, the international body that polices doping in sports, released a damning report that charged Russia with operating a prolific doping program spanning 30 sports over several years.	the World Agency	Russia	3
: The International Olympic Committee has cleared 270 Russian athletes ”about 70 percent of the original team ”to participate in the Rio games.	The International Olympic Committee	Russian	0
NAYWolf, the editor of RedState, has been a prominent Trump critic.	NAYWolf	Trump	3
” J. D. Strong, director of Oklahoma’s Wildlife Department and the state’s former Secretary of Environment, praised Mr. Pruitt for negotiating the settlement.	J. D. Strong	Pruitt	1
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals Inc, a biotechnology company that fired Chief Executive Martin Shkreli earlier this month after his arrest on charges of securities fraud, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Tuesday.	KaloBios Pharmaceuticals Inc	Martin Shkreli	3
An ongoing collection of cartoons by Sage Stossel, a contributing editor for The Atlantic and an cartoonist for the Provincetown Banner, the Boston Globe, and elsewhere.	Sage Stossel	The Atlantic	0
Modi also praised Putin’s support for the fight against international terrorism, which India accuses its neighbor and rival Pakistan of sponsoring.	Modi	Putin	1
As a displacement crisis burgeons on its southern border, Turkey has limited new Syrian arrivals to those seeking medical treatment, often in the wake of attacks.	Turkey	Syrian	0
At USFs pro day, Love did 24 reps on the bench press, produced jumps of 35 in the vertical and 10-1 in the broad jump and finished the three-cone drill in 7.05 seconds.	USFs	Love	2
Feature races 16:25 Coverage: Big-race commentaries on BBC Radio 5 live, results/reports on BBC Sport websiteKingman showed his blistering pace to deny Night of Thunder and win the St James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot.	BBC Radio 5	BBC Sport	0
Trade group USTelecom Chief Executive Jonathan Spalter in a statement praised Trump for ”stopping rules that would have created a confusing and conflicting consumer privacy framework.	Jonathan Spalter	Trump	1
Daytime talk show legend Regis Philbin praised the job President Donald Trump has done in the early days of his presidency.	Regis Philbin	Donald Trump	1
Japans Nikkei slipped 1.1 percent, with shares of Nissan Motor Co tumbling more than 5 percent after its Chairman Carlos Ghosn was arrested on Monday for alleged financial misconduct.	Japans Nikkei	Nissan Motor Co	0
’Republican nominee Donald Trump, having significantly enters Election Day on Tuesday with three realistic paths to the presidency.	Republican	Donald Trump	0
The Turkish government blamed the PKK.	Turkish	PKK	3
The future, AQAP’s fortunes will in great part depend on whether Yemen as a state falls into the abyss or is somehow patched back together thanks to international mediation.	AQAP	Yemen	0
When the Supreme Court legalized marriage nationwide last June, a couple of farmers in rural Somerville, Tenn. tied the knot.	the Supreme Court	Somerville	0
Senator Tkachuck, according to the court documents, called Mr. Wright in February telling him that the Senate Board of Internal Economys steering committee would stop the Deloitte audit if Duffy wrote a letter admitting his mistakes and asked Deloitte about the repayment plan.	Tkachuck	Wright	0
The Patriots offense will make a big improvement after four games and everyone will hit upon the notion that Brady is rather valuable.	Patriots	Brady	1
Cecily Fong, spokeswoman for the state department of emergency services, told the Guardian that the pipeline operator would be in charge of securing the site once law enforcement successfully removed activists.	Cecily Fong	Guardian	0
Mr. Clooney warned Friday that the situation was deteriorating into a real humanitarian disaster, and praised President Obamas personal engagement on it, the Associated Press reported.	Clooney	Obamas	1
 Fatima Shahbaz and Jessica Boyer, juniors at McLean High School in Fairfax County, Va. are a pair of debaters who as a team have gone undefeated this season in the Virginia High School League.	Fatima Shahbaz	Jessica Boyer	0
Hillary Victory Fund, which now includes 40 state Democratic Party committees, theoretically could accept checks as large as $436,100 -- based on the individual limits of $10,000 per state party, $33,400 for the DNC, and $2,700 for Clinton's campaign.	Hillary Victory Fund	Democratic Party	0
’Hillary Clinton on Saturday scored a blowout victory over rival Bernie Sanders in the South Carolina Democratic primary on Saturday.	Hillary Clinton	Bernie Sanders	0
Kathy Khatari, an who married into a family and is a proud Muslim, said that she fully supported Mr. Trump — cheers him, in fact.	Kathy Khatari	Trump	1
Unlike Google( ) Amazon( ) and Facebook( )	Google	Amazon	0
In the first report from the North Korean news agency since the attack, the government on Thursday said Malaysia had broken international law by conducting autopsies on a diplomatic passport holder and withholding the body.	North Korean	Malaysia	3
"NFL commissioner Roger Goodell responded on Saturday, saying Trump's comments showed an ""unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL,"" though he did not name the president personally."	Roger Goodell	Trump	3
He called for starting with legalization and citizenship for children who were brought illegally into the United States by their parents, an action that Obama last summer approved temporarily.One of the great founding principles of our country was that children would not be punished for the mistakes of their parents, Cantor said.	Obama	Cantor	0
Jonathan Rees, QC, prosecuting, told how one witness said Harris was cuddly towards her.	Jonathan Rees	Harris	0
In recent weeks Rubio had become more aggressive in attacking Trump.	Rubio	Trump	3
Sykes already had endorsed Cruz.	Sykes	Cruz	1
Haley has been critical of frontrunner Donald Trump, and used her response to President Obama’s State of the Union in January to warn against the kind of rhetoric Trump has used.	Haley	Donald Trump	3
Muslim is a religion, you cant do that.Twelve group members said they believed Trumps claim that thousands of Muslims had cheered in the streets following the September 11 attack on the World Trade Center.	Muslim	Trumps	4
A British chip maker is finding out that life after Apple can be tough.	British	Apple	0
Streisand has been a vocal supporter of Clinton’s candidacy, and appeared at a fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year.	Streisand	Clinton	1
The RNC announced last month it would not support Moore's bid after allegations emerged he had improper sexual contact with teenage girls in the 1970s.	RNC	Moore	3
Now that a $300 million lawsuit brought by Golden Boy Promotions has been dismissed, Premier Boxing Champions can continue its quest to increase interest in boxing and make itself a major sports brand.	Golden Boy Promotions	Premier Boxing Champions	0
"recommends that the GOP ""stop talking to itself"" and that ""If we want ethnic minority voters to support Republicans, we have to engage them, and show our sincerity."	GOP	Republicans	4
If nothing else, the American military support, even without any promises on the political front, has legitimized the Syrian Kurds’ ambitions.	American	Syrian Kurds	1
The mediocre animated comedy The Secret Lives of Pets is based on an original idea by Chris Meledandri, the head of Illumination Entertainment, the studio responsible for the Despicable Me movies and their popular spinoff Minions.	Chris Meledandri	Illumination Entertainment	0
It’s a hot spring day in Tehran, and Negin, a IT manager, is riding her mountain bike through a park.	Tehran	Negin	0
During closing arguments, Lanier obliquely reminded jurors about the letter accusing DePuy executives of racist behavior.	Lanier	DePuy	3
In an event that may very well be the spark to the outbreak of Europe’s civil war, a young, beautiful social worker, Alexandra Mezher, 22, was brutally stabbed to death by Muslim migrants at the child migrant centre where she worked.	Alexandra Mezher	Muslim	4
In another departure from traditional US foreign policy, Trump criticized key NATO allies at a summit on Thursday and said they were not spending enough on defense.	Trump	NATO	3
But the Yahoo case is the first time that federal prosecutors have brought cybercrime charges against Russian intelligence officials, according to the Justice Department.	Yahoo	Russian	0
A New York Police Department detective apologized Friday for an angry exchange with an Uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment. 	New York Police Department Police	Uber	0
Boehner accused the White House of trying to 'control the Internet.'	Boehner	the White House	3
Apparently, Trump did not know that he had been outmaneuvered by Cruz at Louisiana’s state convention until the results were reported by the Wall Street Journal.	Trump	Cruz	0
But other specialized NYPD units are assigned to the building, as well as Secret Service agents.	NYPD	Secret Service	0
"The branch of a national group that advocates prayer in state Capitols has called for prayers for Kansas' ""dark spiritual areas"" which include large Democratic concentrations."	Kansas	Democratic	1
The House at Sugar Beach by Helene CooperHelene Cooper's account of her affluent childhood that was suddenly torn apart by a brutal coup d'etat is both a revealing memoir and an examination of Liberian politics.	Helene CooperHelene Cooper's	Liberian	0
Upon entering the compound, the attackers killed an Afghan security guard by slitting or stabbing his throat, according to sources, then made their way into the house where they shot the German woman and took the Finnish woman with them.	Afghan	German woman	3
The South Korean news agency Yonhap confirmed the missile test with South Korea’s joint chiefs of staff.	South Korean	Yonhap	0
 Amazon doesn’t have a booth at the Consumer Electronics Show, but Alexa is everywhere at the Las Vegas event this week.	Amazon	Alexa	0
The result gave Houston a share of the Eastern lead and left DC and coach Ben Olsen hopelessly adrift at the bottom of the East.	Eastern	Ben Olsen	0
It has also accused it of killing Muslim civilians to prevent them from cooperating with the authorities, and of torching Rohingya villages, allegations the group denies.	Muslim	Rohingya	0
The International Crisis Group calls on the U.S. and other governments to increase pressure on Mexican leaders to address root causes of the nations organized crime epidemic, and refocus strategies for resolving the crisis.	The International Crisis Group	Mexican	0
Pittsburgh take on the Patriots during the regular season, but until they can unravel the mystery of the Patriots offense, whatever else happens wont matter.	Pittsburgh	Patriots	0
This will be welcome news to many taxpayers, as the Palestinian Authority actually pays terrorists who murder innocent Jews a monthly salary based on how many Jews they kill.	the Palestinian Authority	Jews	3
Over the last several weeks, Belgian security services started monitoring the Verviers group . 	Belgian	Verviers	0
The Gianforte campaign’s account of the incident was contradicted by an audio recording Jacobs had of the incident and testimony from independent witnesses. 	Gianforte	Jacobs	4
However, Comey shockingly declined to prosecute Clinton for transmitting classified material over the open Internet, claiming that she had no “intent” to break the law.	Comey	Clinton	0
Hassan has said Ayotte waited too long to denounce Trump and that the senator’s previous support showed a ”concerning lack of judgment.	Hassan	Ayotte	3
this decades before Isaac Newton would explain orbits by means of perpetual falling) but he said it would not help the Copernicans, on account of the other problems with their theory.	Isaac Newton	Copernicans	3
"Here's why Sabet thinks there's a huge ""acceleration"" in the market for startups that have more to do with your work life than your personal life  and why Spark is putting its money where its mouth is after years of having it the other way around."	Sabet	Spark	0
One of Hillary Clinton’s oft repeated attack lines against Donald Trump is that he’s ”	Hillary Clinton’s	Donald Trump	3
China believes that the exchange rate is not the cause of US offshoring and opposes any rapid change in its currencys value.	China	US	0
It is in this context that Mr. Adams interpreted Foreign Minister John Bairds coffee in east Jerusalem as a trespass on occupied Palestinian territory.	Adams	John Bairds	0
"Hanlon Innocent, for one, was supportive of Labor's plan to remove poker machines from pubs and clubs""I"	Hanlon Innocent	Labor	1
President Barack Obama penned a column for Glamour magazine declaring that he is a feminist, and urging all men to join him.	President Barack Obama	Glamour	0
Gettysburg College Prof. Kathleen Iannello announced in an penned for Philly.	Gettysburg College	Kathleen Iannello	0
Erdogan has criticised the rating agencies for being politically motivated, and even accused S&P of siding with the coup plotters after its move in July.	Erdogan	S&P	3
In announcing the test in a special TV broadcast Tuesday, North Korean officials proclaimed that the country had achieved an ICBM capability that would safeguard the communist government from attacks by the United States and other adversaries.	North Korean	the United States	0
Another point the GOP attorneys made was that Gorsuch could be trusted to protect free speech rights against schemes to restrict speech through campaign finance laws and regulations.	GOP	Gorsuch	0
Navarro has accused NASA of ”politically correct environmental monitoring” of climate change through its satellites. 	Navarro	NASA	3
A NATO general sharply rejected French criticism Tuesday of the operation in Libya, saying the North Atlantic military alliance is performing well and protecting civilians effectively.	NATO	French	3
"Now, Google's interviews include questions about the candidate's concrete experiences, starting with queries like ""give me an example of a time when you solved an analytically difficult problem.""By asking people to speak of their own experiences, Bock says, you get two kinds of information:"	Google	Bock	0
The UN Human Rights Council has unanimously adopted a resolution condemning abuse and discrimination of women, but Washington refused to back one paragraph mentioning access to safe abortions.	The UN Human Rights Council Council	Washington	0
 From the very beginning, Elyse Oleksak and her husband Nick believed in the bagel ball.	Elyse Oleksak	Nick	0
Hungary's ruling party is set to push through changes to the constitution on Monday that critics say will curb democratic rights, despite warnings from European leaders and a protest by thousands of people in Budapest at the weekend.	Hungary	European	4
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) is proposing a federal law that would require all candidates for president to release their 1040 personal income tax returns, including President Donald Trump.	Lindsey Graham	Donald Trump	0
And one victim starts spitting up nails from the True Cross.Director Mikael Hafstrom, working from a Michael Petroni script, tries an arty approach, framing shots behind dangling rosary beads, delivering vivid flashbacks and hallucinations that give Michael pause.	Mikael Hafstrom	Michael Petroni	0
The Livingston school district elementary teacher launched into a list of complaints about drops in municipal aid, increasing NJ Transit fares and tax cuts for those making more than $1 million.	Livingston	NJ Transit	3
"but we think we can still make it,"" said Raimundo Neto, a jersey-clad German supporter arriving from Belo Horizonte with his family."	Raimundo Neto	German	1
Erdogan says the changes are vital to ensure stability in Turkey, which is battling Kurdish and Islamist militants and experienced an abortive coup last year blamed by Ankara on a U.S.-based cleric who had many supporters in the judiciary.	Erdogan	Kurdish	3
s population - are only one third of the total emissions of the United States richest 10 percent, some 30 million people.Rich, high emitters should be held accountable for their emissions, no matter where they live, Gore said.But its easy to forget that rapidly developing economies are also home to the majority of the world	the United States	Gore	0
 Sen. Ted Cruz picked up his first Senate endorsement Thursday from Sen. Mike Lee of Utah.	Ted Cruz	Mike Lee	2
It was Elway who lured Kubiak back to Denver with designs on creating a more run-heavy offense, the fuel in the Broncos only two Super Bowl championships.	Elway	Kubiak	1
Oh and the House wants to leave town and avoid any kind of Trump-induced shutdown.	House	Trump	0
"Alito's response will turn Obama's ""demagoguery into a negative for him."	Alito	Obama	3
At their first meeting in 2002, President Bush claimed to have looked into Putin's soul and seen a man he could trust.	Bush	Putin	1
Never mind a wet midweek test at Stoke City, this was a Halloween which ended with Swansea City given the lasting fright of a defeat that leaves them second bottom and five points from safety.	Stoke City	Swansea City	0
Cost increases were also brought on by a desire to answer questions about water quality, hydrology and riparian corridor issues.We wanted to make sure, as does the Army Corps, that all questions are being answered, said Kathy Peterson, chairwoman of the participant group.	the Army Corps	Kathy Peterson	0
 Neil Howe is the author, along with William Strauss, of “Generations,” “	Neil Howe	William Strauss	0
Knicks president Phil Jackson is out West, eventually heading to his Montana ranch at Flathead Lake.	Knicks president Phil Jackson	Montana	0
Overhead, projections reinforced Gucci’s status as a folk hero: one showed him in 2009, holding a lit blunt to the lips of his Bart Simpson chain.	Gucci	Bart Simpson	0
Some of the bonuses went to people at the AIG unit principally responsible for the insurers distress.What Im expressing here, obviously, is not that I want people to commit suicide, Grassley said on Tuesday.	AIG	Grassley	0
Now Christie says, ”I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor.	Christie	Sonia Sotomayor	3
"On January 6, the GAO announced that the Bush administration again broke the law by producing similar ""news segments"" about drug use, saying the segments ""constitute covert propaganda"" because they did not identify the government as the source of the materials."	GAO	Bush administration	3
The Republican candidate has often accused Clinton of touting ambitious measures that, as he puts it, would ”essentially abolish” the Second Amendment.	Republican	Clinton	3
The Rubio team has criticized Cruz for voting against National Defense Authorization Acts, suggesting that he’s weak on defense.	Rubio	Cruz	3
 When Benjamin Melzer, the first transgender man to be on the cover of Men’s Health Germany, stopped by BuzzFeed News for a chat, he brought along his mom Margret. and Melzer doesn’t demand attention 	Benjamin Melzer	Margret	0
Mr. Assad has attacked many of them on the pretense of attacking Nusra fighters.	Assad	Nusra	3
 Residents of the Oregon town thrust into the spotlight after militiamen took over a U. S. wildlife refuge voiced sympathy for the jailed ranchers whose plight inspired the action but were critical of the armed protesters.	Oregon	U. S.	0
"For critics of the policy, it has always been ""an American war"" forced on an unwilling country, and they blame it for bringing the Afghan conflict over the border and encouraging a wave of terrorism in Pakistan's major cities."	American	Afghan	4
Since Cary and Clarke are BFF, Cary told her he's starting to care about the firm.	Cary	Clarke	1
It's reported that Bing originally supported the lawsuit, but later directed Crittendon to abandon the effort.	Bing	Crittendon	3
Turkish news media reported that the attackers had rented an apartment in the Fatih district, one of the most conservative in Istanbul, and neighbors had complained about a suspicious chemical smell coming from the building.	Turkish	Istanbul	0
 White supremacist Dylann Roof on Monday stood by his pledge not to testify or call any witnesses who might persuade jurors not to sentence him to death for killing nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, in June 2015.	Dylann Roof	Charleston	0
Last Friday, a televised election debate crackled with fresh controversy when Tang accused Leung of proposing a crackdown on the mass protest in 2003 using riot police and tear gas, a move derided by many Hong Kongers who cherish the citys	Tang	Leung	3
"Devin Elizabeth's status is unknown, so Wagner remains concerned that a vaccination for her older daughter could lead to a greater risk of complications for her younger child.""I don't care if it's a one in 3 million chance,"" she told the Staten Island Advance."	Devin Elizabeth's	Wagner	4
The ROC and other labor groups had been supporting a separate D. C. ballot initiative for November that would raise the minimum to $15 for all workers, including those who receive tips.	ROC	D. C.	0
Washingtons own experience with great powers politics should lead to vastly different conclusions about the future of Sino-American relations.	Washingtons	Sino-American	0
Campaign finance watchdogs and the Sanders campaign had argued that the arrangement represented a circumvention of campaign contribution limits by a national party apparatus intent on skewing the process to help Clinton defeat Sanders, and then win the White House.	Sanders	Clinton	3
In California, the city of Oakland was the first to regulate and tax medical marijuana dispensaries.	California	Oakland	0
Dubai hopes the QE2 will boost tourism in the most visited city in the Middle East, which welcomed over 15 million tourists in 2017.	Dubai	QE2	1
Eritrea has long dismissed accusations of human rights abuses by the U.N., including alleged extrajudicial killings and torture, as totally unfounded and without merit.The U.N. imposed sanctions on Eritrea in 2009, backed by 13 of the 15 members of the U.N. Security Council.	Eritrea	U.N.	4
Montgomery Markland wants to adapt one of the most storied American movies of all time,	Montgomery Markland	American	0
Streisand has been a vocal supporter of Clinton’s candidacy, and appeared at a fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year.	Streisand	Clinton	1
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original travel ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S. C.,” Trump tweeted, referring to the country’s highest court. 	The Justice Dept	S. C.	0
Notwithstanding his son’s genuinely patriotic example, Khizr M. Khan has published papers supporting the supremacy of Islamic law over “	Khizr M. Khan	Islamic	1
just decentralisation.Mr Purcell praised the Coalition for bringing the issue of decentralisation to the fore.If you drive through any of the inland country towns, if theyre not dead, theyre dying, he said.	Purcell	Coalition	1
Katie Reynolds, an Ace Hardware design expert, recommends decorating your bedroom with two or three tones of the same blue color for a look that promotes relaxation.	Katie Reynolds	Ace Hardware	0
But Hamas, not surprisingly, is unwilling to accept Abbas's ultimatum.	Hamas	Abbas	3
With ABC’s camera firmly squared on Mr. Burnett — who laughed the entire time, despite the charged barbs 	ABC	Burnett	0
As a refresher, candidate Barack Obama said that he would order troops into Pakistan to get bin Laden, a position that Hillary Clinton immediately criticized.	Barack Obama	bin Laden	3
File pictureProfessor Jonathan Van-Tam, deputy chief medical officer for England, told The Telegraph that virus H7N9, which is circulating poultry in China, could cause a global outbreak.	Jonathan Van-Tam	The Telegraph	0
The diligence of law enforcement at such a critical time for the Jewish community is very reassuring,” said Bernstein.	Jewish	Bernstein	0
