Mr President, honourable Members, I carefully listened for quite some time to the interventions on this subject, and indeed we have come a long way when we're discussing the issue of housing. May I remind you that some time ago, there were only questions as to where the EU had competence of any kind on housing policy, and now I see that there is a clear convergence of views on how the EU should move ahead. The eagerness to address the challenge of affordable housing has been expressed not only by this House, but also by the Ministers, in a declaration that they agreed in Liège last March. So we do have a meeting of minds, and we want to make sure that the next steps will be concrete, specific, tangible and effective. I want to reassure this House that we at the Commission are ready to play a role and do what is needed, and we will proceed in full respect of the subsidiarity and proportionality principles. Our objective will be to support, not to replace, our Member States and local authorities. There are big margins for exchanges of experiences and learning from each other, and here the Commission can and will play a pivotal role. We are not starting from scratch, of course. The Commission can build on successful experiences such as the blueprints of the affordable housing initiative, the Urban Innovative Actions, the European Platform for Combating Homelessness, the InvestEU project, the Toolkit for investment in social housing. We do have previous experience that can help us. But if we want to promote change, we will need to do things differently and move a step beyond and go for a cohesive, holistic approach that brings together most of the issues that I mentioned in my opening statement: regulation, planning, energy efficiency, state aid rules and, of course, investment   investment from existing sources, but also from new sources. This is what the next Commission is now called to do, and following the calls from this House, this new European affordable housing plan will happen. It will be complemented by a pan-European investment platform, and this would be the twin track on which this debate will follow. It will not be easy, but we shall deliver.