Madam President, Prime Minister, honourable Members, I believe that you would agree with me that this was one of the most politically‑charged debates I ever attended in this House, and I think that it is just underlining how many problems, how many open issues, how many difficulties and challenges are on the table. As the President of the European Commission said this morning, when it comes to dramatic events like the terrible floods a few weeks ago, Europe will always have the back of Hungarians. This is how, in practical terms, the notion of solidarity was turned into the real tools of action through the Civil Protection Mechanism and the Solidarity Fund. But in many areas, the European Union also needs Hungary to be part of the team, be it in the challenges highlighted by you, Prime Minister, raised in the Draghi Report or the push for growth, common defence, lower energy prices, circumvention of sanctions or overall competitiveness. But also we need you to be a part of the team to face the challenges clearly underscored by President von der Leyen, especially on Ukraine and on migration. Prime Minister, you and many honourable Members talked about peace, and I think that we have to be absolutely serious about this. It is the Ukrainians who first and foremost long for peace. Therefore, I would like to quote Ukrainian Prime Minister Schmyhal from yesterday when he stressed the importance of reaching a just and lasting peace that respects Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity. This should be also the peace we all should work for. Honourable Members, Prime Minister, there is a very difficult road ahead of us, ahead of all Europeans. Geopolitics and major powers will try to influence Europe, to divide us and to put us into a vulnerable position. The best response, our strongest weapon, the major leverage we have, is our unity. A united European stance is the most precious currency in any relationship the European Union has. The role of each EU presidency is to forge this unity. To conclude, I would like to highlight once again that we need a strong and united Europe to face the challenges of the future. Without it, all Europeans, including Hungarians, will lose.