Madam President, dear colleagues, I know Hungary from its darkest place: from prison. I was held in pre-trial detention in harsh conditions for 15 months. Thanks to the solidarity of thousands of anti-fascist citizens, I stand in front of you today as a free woman. The Presidency of this Hungarian Government is highly inappropriate. A united Europe was born on the ashes of the defeat of Nazi fascism as a project of international cooperation. It's a bitter paradox to have a presidency led by someone whose goal is to dismantle the EU in the name of nationalism. Hungary under Viktor Orbán has become an illiberal and oligarchic regime, an authoritarian ethnic state. Some even call it modern tyranny. What is sure, is that now the rule of law and media freedoms are not guaranteed. Dissent is criminalised, civil society repressed. While loyal oligarchs have grown rich, social and regional inequalities have become worse. The rights of minorities are violated and racism has become mainstream. The EU is far from being perfect   neoliberal policies, social inequalities, double standards in foreign policy and subordination to US influence. But none of this concerns Mr Orbán. His real targets are minorities, migrants, social justice, freedom of expression and the rule of law. He fuels resentment among the Hungarian people against the so-called 'degenerate Europe' to create an external enemy and consolidate his own power. Mr Orbán has strong ties with the worst far-right forces, both in Europe and internationally. This new, dangerous form of fascism represents the authoritarian variant of today's global capitalism. They are fraudulent enemies of the working class and of friendship among people, a threat to those who aspire to live in freedom. Finally, I want to express my full solidarity with Maja, the German anti-fascist and non-binary activist who was extradited from Germany and now detained in Hungary. European democracy must stand firm and refuse to cooperate with Mr Orbán's oppressive and authoritarian regime. (The speaker declined to take a blue-card question from Elena Donazzan)