Madam President, honourable Members, Iraq finds itself in a very difficult situation in light of the current tensions across the Middle East and the risk of a regional war. Prime Minister Al Sudani has so far managed to keep the situation under control and military factions, including Iranian proxies, have by and large remained silent. The EU has built a relationship of trust with the current Iraqi Government. It's in that spirit that we have discussed the changes to the so-called 'Personal Status Law' with the government, the Iraqi parliament and the judiciary, as well as with civil society. We have very clearly called upon the government and parliament to ensure compliance of the current draft law with its obligations under international human rights conventions and other agreements Iraq has signed, including with regard to the rights of women and children. The final text of the draft has not yet been produced. We have highlighted the risks non-compliance would entail, but we believe our discussions have contributed to a much more intensive debate in the parliament and the Iraqi society than it has been the case in any previous legislative process. The Iraqi judiciary will have to ensure compliance with the Constitution. The draft law provides for citizens to choose between Sharia-based rules or civilian legislation. We cannot, at this point in time, foresee what the religious institutions Shia and Sunni will put forward. What matters most is to recall Iraq's international obligation. And now we have been reassured that the most problematic amendment, which is the core of today's debate   the introduction of child marriage from the age of nine years   has been removed from the draft law under discussion, this would be your success. We will continue a frank and constructive dialogue with the Iraqi authorities, Parliament and other stakeholders on this draft law and to prioritise improving the human rights situation for all Iraqis as a matter of course, and priority.