Mr President, honourable Members, I wanted to promise that now I will be shorter than before, because before I was one minute over my time. But there were a lot of questions and comments, and if you allow me to react I will be very happy. Some of you mentioned that there has been progress. In my view, after working ten years, in fact, on this topic, the main progress is that we are paying sufficient attention to the rule of law as the basic principle which keeps the architecture of the EU as such. Since we started to work with bigger intensity, I mean, at the beginning, we only had the Article 2 of the Lisbon Treaty. Now we have a very rich case law, several decisions of the European Court of Justice which precisely define what we should understand by the rule of law principle. Many of you mentioned the word 'power' in this debate. Rightly so, because the rule of law principle is about the limitation of power, and that's why for many, it's so controversial because they would like to switch off some of the safeguards against the limitation of powers. So that's why I hear that the Commission 'acts on a political basis' and an 'ideological basis', and I have to reject that because, for us, the rule of law principle is a universal principle which we want to see being respected by the EU institutions, and in the Member States, by conservatives, liberals, right, left. This is universal. This must not be politicised. The rule of law report was initiated in Warsaw and Budapest. We have heard from those two capital cities that we are only watching 'them', and that we should also look at other Member States. That's why we are doing that, because we felt ourselves that we need to do the thorough mapping of the situation and the trends. and that's why we now have 27 reports, which also show that we have 27 unique constitutional systems. From the beginning, we kept a very precise and transparent publicly‑known methodology The channels of information are also known. We are not hiding anything. So to do the assessment of the rule of law principle or system, is more difficult than doing, for instance, something in fiscal policy where you have quantitative criteria. Here we do an assessment which is qualitative, and it's always more difficult. On Poland, I think we reflect very clearly in the last edition of the Rule of Law Report that we want Poland to work on reforms and to correct things which have been damaged   and there was big damage done in in Poland: a dual system or dual kinds of judges. Who are new judges? Who are old judges? Who will then be the prosecuted persons? There was a high level of uncertainty when the Minister of Justice was at the same time the general prosecutor. I could give you the list. So the new government   or the new political representation   has to correct things. That's in the rule of law report. We are not forbidding anything. We are just insisting that the action plan which was proposed has to be fulfilled. On Spain, the debate here just shows how sensitive the topic is. The Commission played the role of the honest broker, and I was happy when we saw the bipartisan agreement in the end, because without that we might see the independent Judicial Council not surviving the next elections. I think that shows that such agreement is possible and is necessary. I will be brief. Mr Freund asked for more sanctions. We prefer dialogue, and the rule of law report is a very good basis for structured dialogue. But if it doesn't work, then we have to use other tools, like infringements, and the Commission has not lost any of the infringements on the basis Article 2. I have to say that this is also thanks to our fantastic lawyers. Article 7 was triggered   as were financial sanctions, where we have sufficient evidence that EU money is not protected and that also our values are not protected enough. What the Rule of Law Report and what our system of tools cannot do is to focus on individual cases. There was the case described regarding the Spanish royal family   well, that's a domestic thing and the Commission cannot replace a constitutional court, for instance. That is not for us. Otherwise it would be very dangerous interference in the domestic matters. We cannot look at individual cases. I heard from Mr Fico, Prime Minister of Slovakia, that we were silent when there were prosecutions of the former members of the government. Can you imagine if the Commission would become the judge or prosecutor of Europe and says 'this is false' or 'this is the right procedure'. That is not for us. So, shortly speaking, we have to focus on the system, and where we see that the system is deviating from the principle as described by the Court of Justice we have to act. So, Madam Ridel, discrimination against minorities is missing here, but it's not missing somewhere else. We have legislation. You will deal with the Commission proposal to establish hate crime as a euro crime. Also, the Digital Services Act is a strong instrument. A já tady přepnu do slovenštiny, i když pan Kaliňák tady už není. Slovensko mělo možnost opravit faktické chyby, pokud takové našlo ve zprávě o právním státu v tomto roce, tak jako v předešlých letech, protože my vždycky dáváme členským státům možnost opravit faktické nesrovnalosti, nedostatky, chyby. Takže to byla první poznámka. Druhá   ano, samozřejmě, my chceme, aby Slovensko mělo systém, který bude trestat spravedlivě a na základě pádných důkazů korupční kauzy, kauzy, které se týkají podvodů na evropských financích. A proto sledujeme situaci jak v zákonu o trestním procesu, tak v zákonu o hmotě, tzn. o definici trestných činů, které se týkají finanční kriminality. Tady jde o evropské peníze a o peníze evropských daňových poplatníků. I promise to be short, but for the future, you heard Ursula von der Leyen in her political speech: she gives a lot of attention to the rule of law principle and she said that we will do more, a single market dimension might be added, and also efforts will be made to establish a closer link between the report's recommendation and financial support under the EU budget, and also that we will focus on the remaining enlargement countries. So I am sure that the new Commission will continue the work, not only on the rule of law report, but on all the other tools which will be used in case it's necessary.