Mr President, this is my day, but it only happens once in five years. So, honourable Members, the security of Europe's external borders is a key priority for the Commission. It's at the heart of our migration and security policies. It is essential for safeguarding the freedom of movement within the Schengen Area, but it's also linked to the way that we want to live: secure and free. I am very proud of what we have collectively managed to achieve in this area during the last five years. Over these last five years, our capacity to strengthen our borders has been tested. It has been tested in a way that was unprecedented. It has been tested in Evros, in Lampedusa, in the borders of Poland and Latvia and Lithuania with Belarus. It was tested in Ceuta. It was tested in the Canary Islands. It was tested in the Finnish-Russian borders and it was tested in Cyprus. In response to all these challenges and difficulties and threats, we have acted decisively, both on the ground where this crisis happened, but also on the regulatory front, where regulatory improvements were made that would serve many generations to come. Let me start with our decision to adopt the Schengen borders code that will adopt all these robust checks at our external borders during crises such as pandemics or hybrid threats. And, of course, the migration and asylum pact   our flagship regulatory achievement that will reinforce our preparedness to assure that, in the future, any given situation could be handled by an appropriate regulatory response. This will include this new screening regulation establishing clear and common rules for identifying, registering and assessing the health and security risks of individuals entering the EU. A crisis regulation that further strengthens our response and, of course, the Entry/Exit System that will track visa-exempt and short-stay visa holders movements helping us monitor over-stayers. Following that, the European Travel Information and Authorisation System, also known as ETIAS, will pre-screen visa-exempt travellers before they enter the Schengen Area, assessing risks related to migration, security and health. And only yesterday we adopted the final piece of this overall puzzle: the digitalisation of travel documents. This will help us streamline border processes, allowing travellers to submit documents in advance, facilitating the mobility of people and goods. As a result of all this, our external border would not be just a geographical line. It would be a place where our regulatory might will be evident and will apply. When someone arrives at Europe's external borders, something must happen. You cannot just cross in. And we have now built, with the help of this House, this robust, cohesive, holistic regulatory response that would precisely help us to cope. And to support these initiatives, which also have provided unprecedented financial aid to our Member States. The budget for border management in the European Union has more than tripled over the last three financing periods. With EU funding, for instance, we have facilitated the purchase of nearly 1 500 pieces of equipment, 145 land transport vehicles, the processing of 168 000 digital visa applications and we have funded significant investments to make our EU information systems interoperable. That means that we will provide border guards across the European Union in real time with vital information. Of course, this is only one part of the EU response. There is the other one   equally important   which is the operational support on the ground with our law enforcement agencies, Frontex and Europol. Frontex is building a standing corps of 10 000 officers to support border management, oversee returns from Member States to third countries and help third countries protect their borders. Currently, Frontex has 19 operations ongoing at our external border, with major efforts along the EU's external eastern land borders and the Mediterranean Sea. Frontex's expansion has been impressive over the last five years and we are ensuring that this growth respects human rights and that operations are fully compatible with the model of society we stand for. Our President, Ursula von der Leyen, has proposed tripling the standing corps to 30 000 officers as part of the next financial periods. This will enhance our ability to respond to hybrid threats with the active participation   we hope   of all our Member States. Europol is also playing a key role in that respect. Currently, Europol has deployed experts at our external border in ten of our Member States. We have Europol's migrant smuggling centre, which supports Member States' investigations and increases cooperation among law enforcement agencies, which helps them prosecute smugglers and networks. And of course, we need an even stronger role for Europol to combat smuggling. The legislative proposal on the table to enhance Europol support to prevent and combat smuggling should be swiftly adopted. And of course, let us not forget the third element of security in our borders, which clearly has to do with the building of constructive, comprehensive, win-win partnerships with third countries of origin and transit based on shared interests and covering a wide area of policy spanning from security, investment, economic cooperation, energy, trade and, yes, Erasmus scholarships too. We will mobilise everything we have to help these countries of origin and transit to provide better conditions for their people, to have better lives there, instead of putting their lives in the hands of the smugglers. Positive results are already evident along the central Mediterranean route, particularly through our cooperation with Tunisia and Egypt. The technical dialogue with Libya is also yielding significant results, and we are strengthening cooperation with Mauritania and Senegal, providing these countries with resources for rescue at sea and border management. Finally, in the Western Balkans, Frontex is increasingly present through new status agreements with these third countries. These status agreements allow Frontex to deploy border-management capabilities on the ground in new key areas of these routes. And of course, when it comes to fighting smugglers, last year we launched the Global Alliance to Counter Migrant Smuggling, a key initiative for prevention, response and protection. We now have already concluded these anti-smuggling operational partnerships with Morocco and Tunisia and we are working on all other routes. Honourable Members, let me conclude by saying that this impressive amount of work, along both the operational and the regulatory track, has made significant progress in securing our borders. Europe's borders are not unguarded. And as we modernise our capacities through digital systems and as we strengthen our partnerships, we at the same time continue to remain vigilant and continue to push for a stronger, more agile response to evolving threats at our external borders and we, of course, count on the precious help of the European Parliament to support us.